id,question1_id,question2_id,question1,question2,relevance
0,Q1_R8,Q1_R22,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,What attracts you more ?. What attracts you more ?,Irrelevant
1,Q1_R8,Q1_R25,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,|||You have got to be joking.....Seen in a shop in Downtown Manama !. [img_assist||||nid=54388||||title=Placenta cream ????||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=440||||height=388] What the hell do you do with Placenta cream ??????|||,Irrelevant
2,Q1_R8,Q1_R27,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Blackheads. Any suggestions on how to get rid of them??,Irrelevant
3,Q1_R8,Q1_R43,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,very strong migraine pain what to do ?. plz help we are living in hell for 24 days he tried all kind of medicine that was advised to him we tried years before "hugama" ; acupuncture deferent oils ; teas if any one have any idea or experience with this kind of sickness plz give me advise,Irrelevant
4,Q1_R8,Q1_R46,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,--Garlic Oil--. Can someone please tell me where can i find Garlic Oil in Qatar? i heard it is good for hairfall. dont know if its true or not but really want to try it. So help me guys!,Irrelevant
5,Q1_R22,Q1_R25,What attracts you more ?. What attracts you more ?,|||You have got to be joking.....Seen in a shop in Downtown Manama !. [img_assist||||nid=54388||||title=Placenta cream ????||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=440||||height=388] What the hell do you do with Placenta cream ??????|||,Irrelevant
6,Q1_R22,Q1_R27,What attracts you more ?. What attracts you more ?,Blackheads. Any suggestions on how to get rid of them??,Irrelevant
7,Q1_R22,Q1_R43,What attracts you more ?. What attracts you more ?,very strong migraine pain what to do ?. plz help we are living in hell for 24 days he tried all kind of medicine that was advised to him we tried years before "hugama" ; acupuncture deferent oils ; teas if any one have any idea or experience with this kind of sickness plz give me advise,Irrelevant
8,Q1_R22,Q1_R46,What attracts you more ?. What attracts you more ?,--Garlic Oil--. Can someone please tell me where can i find Garlic Oil in Qatar? i heard it is good for hairfall. dont know if its true or not but really want to try it. So help me guys!,Irrelevant
9,Q1_R25,Q1_R27,|||You have got to be joking.....Seen in a shop in Downtown Manama !. [img_assist||||nid=54388||||title=Placenta cream ????||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=440||||height=388] What the hell do you do with Placenta cream ??????|||,Blackheads. Any suggestions on how to get rid of them??,Irrelevant
10,Q1_R25,Q1_R43,|||You have got to be joking.....Seen in a shop in Downtown Manama !. [img_assist||||nid=54388||||title=Placenta cream ????||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=440||||height=388] What the hell do you do with Placenta cream ??????|||,very strong migraine pain what to do ?. plz help we are living in hell for 24 days he tried all kind of medicine that was advised to him we tried years before "hugama" ; acupuncture deferent oils ; teas if any one have any idea or experience with this kind of sickness plz give me advise,Irrelevant
11,Q1_R25,Q1_R46,|||You have got to be joking.....Seen in a shop in Downtown Manama !. [img_assist||||nid=54388||||title=Placenta cream ????||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=440||||height=388] What the hell do you do with Placenta cream ??????|||,--Garlic Oil--. Can someone please tell me where can i find Garlic Oil in Qatar? i heard it is good for hairfall. dont know if its true or not but really want to try it. So help me guys!,Irrelevant
12,Q1_R27,Q1_R43,Blackheads. Any suggestions on how to get rid of them??,very strong migraine pain what to do ?. plz help we are living in hell for 24 days he tried all kind of medicine that was advised to him we tried years before "hugama" ; acupuncture deferent oils ; teas if any one have any idea or experience with this kind of sickness plz give me advise,Irrelevant
13,Q1_R27,Q1_R46,Blackheads. Any suggestions on how to get rid of them??,--Garlic Oil--. Can someone please tell me where can i find Garlic Oil in Qatar? i heard it is good for hairfall. dont know if its true or not but really want to try it. So help me guys!,Irrelevant
14,Q1_R43,Q1_R46,very strong migraine pain what to do ?. plz help we are living in hell for 24 days he tried all kind of medicine that was advised to him we tried years before "hugama" ; acupuncture deferent oils ; teas if any one have any idea or experience with this kind of sickness plz give me advise,--Garlic Oil--. Can someone please tell me where can i find Garlic Oil in Qatar? i heard it is good for hairfall. dont know if its true or not but really want to try it. So help me guys!,Irrelevant
15,Q2_R65,Q2_R80,New Visit Visa Extension. My sponsor; who is my brother; recently applied for a visit visa extension for me. It was approved and I was extended for another 4 months. But the thing is the visa extension is just a printed form and not a sticker that should have been posted in my passport. Anyone who can comment on this? Is this really the new system? Or have we missed something?,Return ticket required for the Family visit visa ?. Return ticket required for the Family visit visa ? My family coming on 26th January in visit visa; do they need return ticket to enter into the qatar ? .. Kindly reply....,Irrelevant
16,Q3_R25,Q3_R60,Convert Tourist visa to Family visit visa. Hi all need your help/advice we'll be in Qatar next week; me on a working visa and tourist visa for my family (wife son;daughter). My query is can I convert their tourist visa to family visit visa even I dont have yet a Qatar ID? My profession in visa is Civil Engineer. Thanks in advance..,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Irrelevant
17,Q3_R25,Q3_R68,Convert Tourist visa to Family visit visa. Hi all need your help/advice we'll be in Qatar next week; me on a working visa and tourist visa for my family (wife son;daughter). My query is can I convert their tourist visa to family visit visa even I dont have yet a Qatar ID? My profession in visa is Civil Engineer. Thanks in advance..,Business Visa and NOC. Hello everyone; I'm already here in Qatar a month ago under business visa with my sponsor. Do I still need an NOC in order to apply for another company here in Qatar if ever I decide to go home on the 3 month period of the business visa? Thanks.,Irrelevant
18,Q3_R25,Q3_R79,Convert Tourist visa to Family visit visa. Hi all need your help/advice we'll be in Qatar next week; me on a working visa and tourist visa for my family (wife son;daughter). My query is can I convert their tourist visa to family visit visa even I dont have yet a Qatar ID? My profession in visa is Civil Engineer. Thanks in advance..,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
19,Q3_R60,Q3_R68,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Business Visa and NOC. Hello everyone; I'm already here in Qatar a month ago under business visa with my sponsor. Do I still need an NOC in order to apply for another company here in Qatar if ever I decide to go home on the 3 month period of the business visa? Thanks.,Irrelevant
20,Q3_R60,Q3_R79,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
21,Q3_R68,Q3_R79,Business Visa and NOC. Hello everyone; I'm already here in Qatar a month ago under business visa with my sponsor. Do I still need an NOC in order to apply for another company here in Qatar if ever I decide to go home on the 3 month period of the business visa? Thanks.,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
22,Q4_R8,Q4_R9,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Irrelevant
23,Q4_R8,Q4_R11,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Irrelevant
24,Q4_R8,Q4_R14,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
25,Q4_R8,Q4_R21,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Irrelevant
26,Q4_R8,Q4_R23,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Irrelevant
27,Q4_R8,Q4_R28,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
28,Q4_R9,Q4_R11,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Irrelevant
29,Q4_R9,Q4_R14,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
30,Q4_R9,Q4_R21,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Irrelevant
31,Q4_R9,Q4_R23,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Irrelevant
32,Q4_R9,Q4_R28,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
33,Q4_R11,Q4_R14,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
34,Q4_R11,Q4_R21,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Irrelevant
35,Q4_R11,Q4_R23,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Irrelevant
36,Q4_R11,Q4_R28,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
37,Q4_R14,Q4_R21,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Irrelevant
38,Q4_R14,Q4_R23,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Irrelevant
39,Q4_R14,Q4_R28,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
40,Q4_R21,Q4_R23,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Irrelevant
41,Q4_R21,Q4_R28,Wrong gender on the Visa. i have applied for a visit visa for my wife; the visa is printed and delivered but the gender on the visa is wrong. Funny thing is that the Profession mentioned is Housewife and the gender entered in the visa is Male. So i don't know what to do now and whom to call? and how long it will take to correct it?,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
42,Q4_R23,Q4_R28,Teenagers in Qatar. Has anybody dragged very reluctant teenagers to Qatar? How did they adapt after getting there. My 14yr old was initially quite keen but as time is getting closer to us leaving home he is protesting and being very negative about coming to Qatar. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to cope with this behaviour?,Boarding School in Qatar. Hi. Does anyone know of any English speaking middle/high school with a boarding facility in Qatar? If not; is there anyone who has a child/children in a boarding school elsewhere? In what country? Any information will be very much appreciated! Thank you!,Irrelevant
43,Q5_R6,Q5_R9,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,Irrelevant
44,Q5_R6,Q5_R17,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,Irrelevant
45,Q5_R6,Q5_R44,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
46,Q5_R6,Q5_R47,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
47,Q5_R6,Q5_R48,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Irrelevant
48,Q5_R6,Q5_R54,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
49,Q5_R6,Q5_R55,Newborn child. Hi guys ... a very silly question but i'm due to be a dad next year in June (w00t!!! w00t!!!) ... just wanted to see how much on average do the parents spend on their newborn kids (milk; clothes; nappies etc.)?,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
50,Q5_R9,Q5_R17,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,Irrelevant
51,Q5_R9,Q5_R44,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
52,Q5_R9,Q5_R47,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
53,Q5_R9,Q5_R48,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Irrelevant
54,Q5_R9,Q5_R54,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
55,Q5_R9,Q5_R55,Why is Doha SO EXPENSIVE?. What the hell??! I mean; it's not like it's San Francisco or New York City!! So-called limo service (in a FORD!) cost $30 for one mile ride. Karwa taxi is not that cheap either: 1 mile ride was like $12. Food was also insanely expensive. Hotels were just an outrage. What's the deal?! Is this a strategy to make Doha a party city for the rich only?! but then; those who're rich is because they didn't spend their money on stupid stuff like a $50 lunch!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
56,Q5_R17,Q5_R44,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
57,Q5_R17,Q5_R47,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
58,Q5_R17,Q5_R48,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Irrelevant
59,Q5_R17,Q5_R54,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
60,Q5_R17,Q5_R55,Gift vouchers for Doha?. Hello; I live in England and my sister is in Doha. Is it possible for me to purchase gift vouchers for my sister to use in department stores in Doha? I would like to pay online and then email my sister a reference. Does anybody know of any shops that allow this?,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
61,Q5_R44,Q5_R47,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
62,Q5_R44,Q5_R48,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Irrelevant
63,Q5_R44,Q5_R54,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
64,Q5_R44,Q5_R55,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
65,Q5_R47,Q5_R48,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Irrelevant
66,Q5_R47,Q5_R54,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
67,Q5_R47,Q5_R55,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
68,Q5_R48,Q5_R54,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Irrelevant
69,Q5_R48,Q5_R55,shipping personal effects. Just wondering if it's worth shipping the kids bikes; skateboards; xbox360 etc over with our other personal effects from New Zealand? What have others done? Cheers!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
70,Q5_R54,Q5_R55,immigrate to other country?.  do we consider Qatar as our home? I am just wondering; are there and how many (if any) of us would like to immigrate to another country; let&#39;s say to US or Canada?,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
71,Q6_R2,Q6_R8,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,Irrelevant
72,Q6_R2,Q6_R38,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Irrelevant
73,Q6_R2,Q6_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,5 Years Gratuity. Hi to all; I'm six years now working my company can i get my 5 years gratuity pay from my company? Any labor law related to it? Thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
74,Q6_R2,Q6_R46,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
75,Q6_R8,Q6_R38,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Irrelevant
76,Q6_R8,Q6_R39,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,5 Years Gratuity. Hi to all; I'm six years now working my company can i get my 5 years gratuity pay from my company? Any labor law related to it? Thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
77,Q6_R8,Q6_R46,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
78,Q6_R38,Q6_R39,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,5 Years Gratuity. Hi to all; I'm six years now working my company can i get my 5 years gratuity pay from my company? Any labor law related to it? Thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
79,Q6_R38,Q6_R46,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
80,Q6_R39,Q6_R46,5 Years Gratuity. Hi to all; I'm six years now working my company can i get my 5 years gratuity pay from my company? Any labor law related to it? Thanks for your help.,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
81,Q7_R24,Q7_R26,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
82,Q7_R24,Q7_R31,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
83,Q7_R24,Q7_R35,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
84,Q7_R24,Q7_R36,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Irrelevant
85,Q7_R24,Q7_R39,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Irrelevant
86,Q7_R24,Q7_R43,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
87,Q7_R24,Q7_R44,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
88,Q7_R24,Q7_R45,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
89,Q7_R26,Q7_R31,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
90,Q7_R26,Q7_R35,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
91,Q7_R26,Q7_R36,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Irrelevant
92,Q7_R26,Q7_R39,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Irrelevant
93,Q7_R26,Q7_R43,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
94,Q7_R26,Q7_R44,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
95,Q7_R26,Q7_R45,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
96,Q7_R31,Q7_R35,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
97,Q7_R31,Q7_R36,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Irrelevant
98,Q7_R31,Q7_R39,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Irrelevant
99,Q7_R31,Q7_R43,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
100,Q7_R31,Q7_R44,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
101,Q7_R31,Q7_R45,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
102,Q7_R35,Q7_R36,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Irrelevant
103,Q7_R35,Q7_R39,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Irrelevant
104,Q7_R35,Q7_R43,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
105,Q7_R35,Q7_R44,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
106,Q7_R35,Q7_R45,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
107,Q7_R36,Q7_R39,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Irrelevant
108,Q7_R36,Q7_R43,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
109,Q7_R36,Q7_R44,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
110,Q7_R36,Q7_R45,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
111,Q7_R39,Q7_R43,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
112,Q7_R39,Q7_R44,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
113,Q7_R39,Q7_R45,Is medical treatment for residents free?. I just heard that medical treatment for residents is free. And can not believe that. I heard that medical treatment for native qataris is free; which seems plausible. But does that also apply for anyone who has residence status?,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
114,Q7_R43,Q7_R44,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
115,Q7_R43,Q7_R45,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
116,Q7_R44,Q7_R45,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
117,Q8_R65,Q8_R67,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,Irrelevant
118,Q8_R65,Q8_R70,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
119,Q8_R65,Q8_R75,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,Irrelevant
120,Q8_R65,Q8_R78,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Irrelevant
121,Q8_R65,Q8_R83,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Irrelevant
122,Q8_R65,Q8_R88,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
123,Q8_R65,Q8_R89,Cheap European Cars.... Why & How The European cars become more expensive in maintainence and spare parts than any other vehicles??,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
124,Q8_R67,Q8_R70,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
125,Q8_R67,Q8_R75,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,Irrelevant
126,Q8_R67,Q8_R78,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Irrelevant
127,Q8_R67,Q8_R83,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Irrelevant
128,Q8_R67,Q8_R88,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
129,Q8_R67,Q8_R89,whether aeroplane can stay still in air befor landing? please give me an answer. ,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
130,Q8_R70,Q8_R75,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,Irrelevant
131,Q8_R70,Q8_R78,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Irrelevant
132,Q8_R70,Q8_R83,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Irrelevant
133,Q8_R70,Q8_R88,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
134,Q8_R70,Q8_R89,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
135,Q8_R75,Q8_R78,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Irrelevant
136,Q8_R75,Q8_R83,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Irrelevant
137,Q8_R75,Q8_R88,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
138,Q8_R75,Q8_R89,Doha Bank Customer Care. Doha Bank's customer care is horrible. The lady answering the calls does not know even the basics of Doha Bank procedures etc. The others are equally unqualified. God knows how they run such a big bank with all these idiots whose only response is 'Please visit your branch for further deyails'. I say - If I had the time to visit my branch why the heck 'am I calling you? Fair ?,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
139,Q8_R78,Q8_R83,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Irrelevant
140,Q8_R78,Q8_R88,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
141,Q8_R78,Q8_R89,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
142,Q8_R83,Q8_R88,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Irrelevant
143,Q8_R83,Q8_R89,5 Nuns on leggy Barstool- I love it!. Should I be feeling guilty about it? Anyone else feels the same?,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
144,Q8_R88,Q8_R89,What is your Mother Tongue?. What is your Mother Tongue? How many languages do you know? My Mother tongue is Urdu Other Languages : English; Tamil ;hindi ; Arabic,Best butter chicken in Doha is...?. I've been in Doha for quite a while now; but I still haven't experienced really authentic butter chicken like the ones you get in India. The butter chicken over here is a bit bland to serve the arabian palate and doesn't do the dish justice. Any suggestions where you can get the real deal? FYI I've been to Shaalimaar (the Indian restaurant near the airport); Bukhara and AliShaan but none of them cut it; for me at least.,Irrelevant
145,Q9_R28,Q9_R40,That church in Abu Hamour.... Is this a beginning of a mutual friendship between Christianity and Islam in Qatar? I hope they're going to sell some Bibles in Villagio coz I can't find somebody sellin' it around here.,Masonic Lodge. Does anyone know if there is a Lodge in Qatar?,Irrelevant
146,Q9_R28,Q9_R41,That church in Abu Hamour.... Is this a beginning of a mutual friendship between Christianity and Islam in Qatar? I hope they're going to sell some Bibles in Villagio coz I can't find somebody sellin' it around here.,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
147,Q9_R28,Q9_R43,That church in Abu Hamour.... Is this a beginning of a mutual friendship between Christianity and Islam in Qatar? I hope they're going to sell some Bibles in Villagio coz I can't find somebody sellin' it around here.,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
148,Q9_R28,Q9_R45,That church in Abu Hamour.... Is this a beginning of a mutual friendship between Christianity and Islam in Qatar? I hope they're going to sell some Bibles in Villagio coz I can't find somebody sellin' it around here.,END OF THE WORLD on DEC 21;2012--is it true??. http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?t=146018 . Guys; above link is about END OF THE WORLD BY DEC 21;2012 . Is it true??? Any proof with anybody out there,Irrelevant
149,Q9_R28,Q9_R47,That church in Abu Hamour.... Is this a beginning of a mutual friendship between Christianity and Islam in Qatar? I hope they're going to sell some Bibles in Villagio coz I can't find somebody sellin' it around here.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
150,Q9_R40,Q9_R41,Masonic Lodge. Does anyone know if there is a Lodge in Qatar?,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
151,Q9_R40,Q9_R43,Masonic Lodge. Does anyone know if there is a Lodge in Qatar?,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
152,Q9_R40,Q9_R45,Masonic Lodge. Does anyone know if there is a Lodge in Qatar?,END OF THE WORLD on DEC 21;2012--is it true??. http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?t=146018 . Guys; above link is about END OF THE WORLD BY DEC 21;2012 . Is it true??? Any proof with anybody out there,Irrelevant
153,Q9_R40,Q9_R47,Masonic Lodge. Does anyone know if there is a Lodge in Qatar?,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
154,Q9_R41,Q9_R43,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
155,Q9_R41,Q9_R45,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,END OF THE WORLD on DEC 21;2012--is it true??. http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?t=146018 . Guys; above link is about END OF THE WORLD BY DEC 21;2012 . Is it true??? Any proof with anybody out there,Irrelevant
156,Q9_R41,Q9_R47,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
157,Q9_R43,Q9_R45,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,END OF THE WORLD on DEC 21;2012--is it true??. http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?t=146018 . Guys; above link is about END OF THE WORLD BY DEC 21;2012 . Is it true??? Any proof with anybody out there,Irrelevant
158,Q9_R43,Q9_R47,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
159,Q9_R45,Q9_R47,END OF THE WORLD on DEC 21;2012--is it true??. http://forum.santabanta.com/showthread.htm?t=146018 . Guys; above link is about END OF THE WORLD BY DEC 21;2012 . Is it true??? Any proof with anybody out there,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
160,Q10_R11,Q10_R16,FINALLY HERE :). hello good people! how are you all doing? I am finally here and it is so awesome!! special thanks to KSA.. thank you for all your help and to everyone in general; you have already made my move so special. i look forward to meeting you all soon... i dont have enough points (according to some people for certain events) but I WILL MEET YOU!! lol!!! I start my first day of work today :( wish me luck! Take care.,Lucky to have this kind of wife..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuW9vMWfxZo&feature=player_embedded,Irrelevant
161,Q10_R11,Q10_R19,FINALLY HERE :). hello good people! how are you all doing? I am finally here and it is so awesome!! special thanks to KSA.. thank you for all your help and to everyone in general; you have already made my move so special. i look forward to meeting you all soon... i dont have enough points (according to some people for certain events) but I WILL MEET YOU!! lol!!! I start my first day of work today :( wish me luck! Take care.,Boys & Girls Lets start posting ur good idea Regarding each other. Q1> Suppose if u get a chance to be woman if u r man or vice versa then what bad thing u will remove from each other itself? My question is that if u become man from women then what will u remove bad thing regading women from ur habit as a being man or vice versa.......? "IMPOSSIBLE" : it self says I M POSSIBLE ! Gotcha,Irrelevant
162,Q10_R11,Q10_R32,FINALLY HERE :). hello good people! how are you all doing? I am finally here and it is so awesome!! special thanks to KSA.. thank you for all your help and to everyone in general; you have already made my move so special. i look forward to meeting you all soon... i dont have enough points (according to some people for certain events) but I WILL MEET YOU!! lol!!! I start my first day of work today :( wish me luck! Take care.,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
163,Q10_R11,Q10_R33,FINALLY HERE :). hello good people! how are you all doing? I am finally here and it is so awesome!! special thanks to KSA.. thank you for all your help and to everyone in general; you have already made my move so special. i look forward to meeting you all soon... i dont have enough points (according to some people for certain events) but I WILL MEET YOU!! lol!!! I start my first day of work today :( wish me luck! Take care.,thanx for QL admin!. "Thank You" ; QL for deleting my questions which was absolutely polite! anyone can answer WHY it was deleted? [mod note: your original question started something like: "I'm lazy and can't be bothered using the search box". Sorry; poor excuse],Irrelevant
164,Q10_R11,Q10_R39,FINALLY HERE :). hello good people! how are you all doing? I am finally here and it is so awesome!! special thanks to KSA.. thank you for all your help and to everyone in general; you have already made my move so special. i look forward to meeting you all soon... i dont have enough points (according to some people for certain events) but I WILL MEET YOU!! lol!!! I start my first day of work today :( wish me luck! Take care.,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
165,Q10_R16,Q10_R19,Lucky to have this kind of wife..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuW9vMWfxZo&feature=player_embedded,Boys & Girls Lets start posting ur good idea Regarding each other. Q1> Suppose if u get a chance to be woman if u r man or vice versa then what bad thing u will remove from each other itself? My question is that if u become man from women then what will u remove bad thing regading women from ur habit as a being man or vice versa.......? "IMPOSSIBLE" : it self says I M POSSIBLE ! Gotcha,Irrelevant
166,Q10_R16,Q10_R32,Lucky to have this kind of wife..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuW9vMWfxZo&feature=player_embedded,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
167,Q10_R16,Q10_R33,Lucky to have this kind of wife..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuW9vMWfxZo&feature=player_embedded,thanx for QL admin!. "Thank You" ; QL for deleting my questions which was absolutely polite! anyone can answer WHY it was deleted? [mod note: your original question started something like: "I'm lazy and can't be bothered using the search box". Sorry; poor excuse],Irrelevant
168,Q10_R16,Q10_R39,Lucky to have this kind of wife..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuW9vMWfxZo&feature=player_embedded,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
169,Q10_R19,Q10_R32,Boys & Girls Lets start posting ur good idea Regarding each other. Q1> Suppose if u get a chance to be woman if u r man or vice versa then what bad thing u will remove from each other itself? My question is that if u become man from women then what will u remove bad thing regading women from ur habit as a being man or vice versa.......? "IMPOSSIBLE" : it self says I M POSSIBLE ! Gotcha,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
170,Q10_R19,Q10_R33,Boys & Girls Lets start posting ur good idea Regarding each other. Q1> Suppose if u get a chance to be woman if u r man or vice versa then what bad thing u will remove from each other itself? My question is that if u become man from women then what will u remove bad thing regading women from ur habit as a being man or vice versa.......? "IMPOSSIBLE" : it self says I M POSSIBLE ! Gotcha,thanx for QL admin!. "Thank You" ; QL for deleting my questions which was absolutely polite! anyone can answer WHY it was deleted? [mod note: your original question started something like: "I'm lazy and can't be bothered using the search box". Sorry; poor excuse],Irrelevant
171,Q10_R19,Q10_R39,Boys & Girls Lets start posting ur good idea Regarding each other. Q1> Suppose if u get a chance to be woman if u r man or vice versa then what bad thing u will remove from each other itself? My question is that if u become man from women then what will u remove bad thing regading women from ur habit as a being man or vice versa.......? "IMPOSSIBLE" : it self says I M POSSIBLE ! Gotcha,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
172,Q10_R32,Q10_R33,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,thanx for QL admin!. "Thank You" ; QL for deleting my questions which was absolutely polite! anyone can answer WHY it was deleted? [mod note: your original question started something like: "I'm lazy and can't be bothered using the search box". Sorry; poor excuse],Irrelevant
173,Q10_R32,Q10_R39,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
174,Q10_R33,Q10_R39,thanx for QL admin!. "Thank You" ; QL for deleting my questions which was absolutely polite! anyone can answer WHY it was deleted? [mod note: your original question started something like: "I'm lazy and can't be bothered using the search box". Sorry; poor excuse],I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
175,Q12_R11,Q12_R13,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
176,Q12_R11,Q12_R23,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Irrelevant
177,Q12_R11,Q12_R26,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
178,Q12_R11,Q12_R27,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
179,Q12_R11,Q12_R29,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Irrelevant
180,Q12_R11,Q12_R34,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
181,Q12_R11,Q12_R37,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
182,Q12_R13,Q12_R23,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Irrelevant
183,Q12_R13,Q12_R26,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
184,Q12_R13,Q12_R27,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
185,Q12_R13,Q12_R29,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Irrelevant
186,Q12_R13,Q12_R34,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
187,Q12_R13,Q12_R37,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
188,Q12_R23,Q12_R26,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
189,Q12_R23,Q12_R27,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
190,Q12_R23,Q12_R29,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Irrelevant
191,Q12_R23,Q12_R34,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
192,Q12_R23,Q12_R37,Job at Qatar Airways. Dear All; i'm new to this forum and find your comments are real useful. i shall go to Doha for an interview with Qatar Airways. do any of you work with her and can give me some info about how their package like? thank you.,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
193,Q12_R26,Q12_R27,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
194,Q12_R26,Q12_R29,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Irrelevant
195,Q12_R26,Q12_R34,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
196,Q12_R26,Q12_R37,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
197,Q12_R27,Q12_R29,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Irrelevant
198,Q12_R27,Q12_R34,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
199,Q12_R27,Q12_R37,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
200,Q12_R29,Q12_R34,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
201,Q12_R29,Q12_R37,Working for Qatar Airways. I have recently attended interviews for Qatar Airways and am waiting to hear back if I am successful. Have been doing a little research on forums and am getting aloooot of bad feedback about working for the airline. Anyone who has RECENT experience; or currently work there who can give me their opinion? Am I better off waiting for Emirates or Etihad?,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
202,Q12_R34,Q12_R37,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Advice needed to buy a car. Hello to all. I need an advice to buy a car. My budget is around 100000QAR. I hv short listed Dodge Charger. Any comments on this car? Or any other car in this budget suitable for Qatar. Thanks.,Irrelevant
203,Q13_R20,Q13_R21,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,Irrelevant
204,Q13_R20,Q13_R24,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,Irrelevant
205,Q13_R20,Q13_R27,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,Irrelevant
206,Q13_R20,Q13_R30,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Irrelevant
207,Q13_R20,Q13_R32,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Irrelevant
208,Q13_R20,Q13_R33,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
209,Q13_R20,Q13_R40,the essence of a woman. Since we all came from a woman; got our name from a woman; and our game from a woman. I wonder why we take from woman; why we rape our woman; do we hate our woman? I think its time we killed for our woman; be real to our woman; try to heal our woman; cus if we dont we'll have a race of babies that will hate the ladies; who make the babies. And since a man can't make one he has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one. ~ Tupac Shakur,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
210,Q13_R21,Q13_R24,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,Irrelevant
211,Q13_R21,Q13_R27,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,Irrelevant
212,Q13_R21,Q13_R30,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Irrelevant
213,Q13_R21,Q13_R32,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Irrelevant
214,Q13_R21,Q13_R33,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
215,Q13_R21,Q13_R40,What if I never changed the oil in my car?. The blood in your body; water in the desert; and oil in an engine... They are all vital... Without them someone or something is going to die!!! Any Comments?,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
216,Q13_R24,Q13_R27,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,Irrelevant
217,Q13_R24,Q13_R30,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Irrelevant
218,Q13_R24,Q13_R32,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Irrelevant
219,Q13_R24,Q13_R33,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
220,Q13_R24,Q13_R40,North Korea- Alarm bells ringing yet?. Right on the heels of the revelation from North Korea that it has built a modern plant for the enrichment of uranium; there has been major artillery fire on a South Korean Island today by the North Koreans.. The South's military was placed on its highest non-wartime alert after the shells landed on Yeonpyeong island. Will N. Korea be confronted more directly this time?,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
221,Q13_R27,Q13_R30,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Irrelevant
222,Q13_R27,Q13_R32,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Irrelevant
223,Q13_R27,Q13_R33,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
224,Q13_R27,Q13_R40,Nurses salary. What is the basic salary for a staff nurse in Qatar? Is the salary scale based on years of experience? Which hospital in Doha has the best offer for nurses? with great allowances and salary?,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
225,Q13_R30,Q13_R32,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Irrelevant
226,Q13_R30,Q13_R33,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
227,Q13_R30,Q13_R40,What do you like about the person above you?. Hello people...let's play this game...you have to write something good about the person whose 'post' is above you on QL.You can write anything and you can write  multiple times. For ex;the person who will respond to my post will write about me ;) and so on. This will be fun... ,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
228,Q13_R32,Q13_R33,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Irrelevant
229,Q13_R32,Q13_R40,What is you best breakup Song?. Aye I am trying to move on but still feel sad sometimes and end up listening to sad songs. Which breakup song do you like and why? How did you overcome your split with you Loved one? Guinness is my best pal at the moment and keeps me company when I am not working. Sorry I know it is the weekend and we should all be in a Jolly mood.,Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
230,Q13_R33,Q13_R40,Please help-Is this salary offer fair?. Hi...I've just been offered a job (grade 6) as a Recruitment/HR personel. Basic: QR5400; Housing:QR2500;Transport allowance:QR600 per month. I have only 10 days to take up or reject this offer. Is there room for negotiation with companies in Qatar. My future employer should I take this up will be Qatar Airways. Btw; I am from S'pore. Surely appreciate any kind of help or information. Thank you:),Pr executive salary. I just got offered a pr job in qatar for 11;000 a month; thats including rent and all that. Im a young canadian university graduate. is that a good offer?? thanks,Irrelevant
231,Q14_R10,Q14_R24,Giving birth in Doha. Does anybody has an idea the cost of C-section in private hospital in Doha? We are entitled to Hamad-Al Khor but recently I got sick for 2 weeks and soon after; it was my pregnancy that was affected. I am thinking of opting to a private hospital for better care; but this time we will have to cover for all the expenses. Thanks in advance for your help.,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Irrelevant
232,Q15_R2,Q15_R17,qatar airways cabin crew annual bonus. hi guys can you please help me on these i have been recruited by qr and would like to know 2 things from qr cabin crew how much is the salary of qr cabin crew? is it true that cabin crew get 2x to 3x times their basic salary as a bonus by the end of the year ? is it true? and when they get it thanx guys for your help,Any Advice On Qatar Airways? Could it be SO bad to work for them?. Hi all! I&#39;m a newbie here- a Malaysian guy in aviation and SERIOUSLY considering a career with Qatar Airways. I am an experienced cabin crew. Are there any Qatar Airways expat crew out there willing to share sum tips or experiences about working with Qatar Airways?,Irrelevant
233,Q15_R2,Q15_R36,qatar airways cabin crew annual bonus. hi guys can you please help me on these i have been recruited by qr and would like to know 2 things from qr cabin crew how much is the salary of qr cabin crew? is it true that cabin crew get 2x to 3x times their basic salary as a bonus by the end of the year ? is it true? and when they get it thanx guys for your help,Interview with QR. Dear All; I had an interview with QR last week. They said they would get back to me "soon" - how long is "soon" in a Qatari context?,Irrelevant
234,Q15_R17,Q15_R36,Any Advice On Qatar Airways? Could it be SO bad to work for them?. Hi all! I&#39;m a newbie here- a Malaysian guy in aviation and SERIOUSLY considering a career with Qatar Airways. I am an experienced cabin crew. Are there any Qatar Airways expat crew out there willing to share sum tips or experiences about working with Qatar Airways?,Interview with QR. Dear All; I had an interview with QR last week. They said they would get back to me "soon" - how long is "soon" in a Qatari context?,Irrelevant
235,Q16_R5,Q16_R9,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Irrelevant
236,Q16_R5,Q16_R13,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Irrelevant
237,Q16_R5,Q16_R28,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Irrelevant
238,Q16_R5,Q16_R29,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
239,Q16_R5,Q16_R30,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
240,Q16_R5,Q16_R40,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
241,Q16_R5,Q16_R48,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
242,Q16_R5,Q16_R51,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
243,Q16_R5,Q16_R59,Handbags - serious question for the ladies. Just been arguing with the hubby.. would like your opinion on the matter.. When chosing handbags; do you go for a brand name or looks and practicality ? Do brand names actually offer value ?,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
244,Q16_R9,Q16_R13,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Irrelevant
245,Q16_R9,Q16_R28,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Irrelevant
246,Q16_R9,Q16_R29,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
247,Q16_R9,Q16_R30,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
248,Q16_R9,Q16_R40,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
249,Q16_R9,Q16_R48,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
250,Q16_R9,Q16_R51,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
251,Q16_R9,Q16_R59,Is there any more single ladies left over??. Dear Qatar....I am confused...Whenever i go around i c every single girl holding a hand...Is der any more ladies down in doha living single...lol...!!!!i was soo bored..soo thought of some topic and this topic came down...So reply....,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
252,Q16_R13,Q16_R28,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Irrelevant
253,Q16_R13,Q16_R29,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
254,Q16_R13,Q16_R30,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
255,Q16_R13,Q16_R40,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
256,Q16_R13,Q16_R48,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
257,Q16_R13,Q16_R51,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
258,Q16_R13,Q16_R59,Question for the Ladies. I am thinking of having an affair... if you were my wife would you rather I had an affair with a woman better looking than you or uglier than you? Older than you or younger than you? Same gender as you? Same species? One of these questions is serious. Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
259,Q16_R28,Q16_R29,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
260,Q16_R28,Q16_R30,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
261,Q16_R28,Q16_R40,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
262,Q16_R28,Q16_R48,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
263,Q16_R28,Q16_R51,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
264,Q16_R28,Q16_R59,Question fo' da ladies. Sup; beauties. I have a question about a gym.. Has anyone been to Lady Gym? Is it any good? I've checked the place out (3 times!) and it seemed pretty cool. Quiet; but cool. It's quite expensive for me tbh; but that's the most suitable place I could find (others are either badly located; poorly equipped; filled with an indecent staff; etc..). Hope I get at least one useful input before this thread dies lol.,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
265,Q16_R29,Q16_R30,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
266,Q16_R29,Q16_R40,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
267,Q16_R29,Q16_R48,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
268,Q16_R29,Q16_R51,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
269,Q16_R29,Q16_R59,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
270,Q16_R30,Q16_R40,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Irrelevant
271,Q16_R30,Q16_R48,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
272,Q16_R30,Q16_R51,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
273,Q16_R30,Q16_R59,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
274,Q16_R40,Q16_R48,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
275,Q16_R40,Q16_R51,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
276,Q16_R40,Q16_R59,question for the ladies. is it okay to take medicine during period?i have a severe headache and i have my period;is it ok to take meds?,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
277,Q16_R48,Q16_R51,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Irrelevant
278,Q16_R48,Q16_R59,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
279,Q16_R51,Q16_R59,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Is it OK for women to wear makeup?. Sorry for the ignorant question; but I need to know before I move to Qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not. I've heard nothing one way or the other; but I thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair (like it is for traditional nuns). I only wear a little makeup; but I don't want to look like a "painted lady" to anyone.,Irrelevant
280,Q17_R26,Q17_R30,Ladies Beauty Salon. can someone please recommed a good place where i can do my eyebrows>? i used to go to London Beauty salon but unfortunately the sri lankan lady is on vacation ; i tried al-mashata and they ruined my eyebrows leaving patches; please can someone recommend a good salon with lady who can actually do a good job,Best Hair Relaxing Done in Qatar?. Hi All; I just wanted to know where can i get the best hair relaxing treatment in Qatar? I have extremely frizzy hair and i need to get it fixed ASAP but with the best. I have generally seen that ladies who do hair relaxing or hair rebounding jobs here; their hair looks like dry grass. I need someone who can make it look extremely natural; as if i was born with it. Ladies please help!!!,Irrelevant
281,Q17_R26,Q17_R38,Ladies Beauty Salon. can someone please recommed a good place where i can do my eyebrows>? i used to go to London Beauty salon but unfortunately the sri lankan lady is on vacation ; i tried al-mashata and they ruined my eyebrows leaving patches; please can someone recommend a good salon with lady who can actually do a good job,Guys of QL; Spa Day or Gym?. Women often think of the Spa day as a prefect getaway to wrap themselves in calmness; and spend quality time off and away from the mundane daily routine i.e. from him and the kids...lol What about men? they need time off as well. Is it too sissy for a man to be a regular spa goer? Or you guys would probably prefer hitting the gym to go bulk up muscles. Salaam,Irrelevant
282,Q17_R26,Q17_R46,Ladies Beauty Salon. can someone please recommed a good place where i can do my eyebrows>? i used to go to London Beauty salon but unfortunately the sri lankan lady is on vacation ; i tried al-mashata and they ruined my eyebrows leaving patches; please can someone recommend a good salon with lady who can actually do a good job,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
283,Q17_R26,Q17_R56,Ladies Beauty Salon. can someone please recommed a good place where i can do my eyebrows>? i used to go to London Beauty salon but unfortunately the sri lankan lady is on vacation ; i tried al-mashata and they ruined my eyebrows leaving patches; please can someone recommend a good salon with lady who can actually do a good job,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
284,Q17_R30,Q17_R38,Best Hair Relaxing Done in Qatar?. Hi All; I just wanted to know where can i get the best hair relaxing treatment in Qatar? I have extremely frizzy hair and i need to get it fixed ASAP but with the best. I have generally seen that ladies who do hair relaxing or hair rebounding jobs here; their hair looks like dry grass. I need someone who can make it look extremely natural; as if i was born with it. Ladies please help!!!,Guys of QL; Spa Day or Gym?. Women often think of the Spa day as a prefect getaway to wrap themselves in calmness; and spend quality time off and away from the mundane daily routine i.e. from him and the kids...lol What about men? they need time off as well. Is it too sissy for a man to be a regular spa goer? Or you guys would probably prefer hitting the gym to go bulk up muscles. Salaam,Irrelevant
285,Q17_R30,Q17_R46,Best Hair Relaxing Done in Qatar?. Hi All; I just wanted to know where can i get the best hair relaxing treatment in Qatar? I have extremely frizzy hair and i need to get it fixed ASAP but with the best. I have generally seen that ladies who do hair relaxing or hair rebounding jobs here; their hair looks like dry grass. I need someone who can make it look extremely natural; as if i was born with it. Ladies please help!!!,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
286,Q17_R30,Q17_R56,Best Hair Relaxing Done in Qatar?. Hi All; I just wanted to know where can i get the best hair relaxing treatment in Qatar? I have extremely frizzy hair and i need to get it fixed ASAP but with the best. I have generally seen that ladies who do hair relaxing or hair rebounding jobs here; their hair looks like dry grass. I need someone who can make it look extremely natural; as if i was born with it. Ladies please help!!!,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
287,Q17_R38,Q17_R46,Guys of QL; Spa Day or Gym?. Women often think of the Spa day as a prefect getaway to wrap themselves in calmness; and spend quality time off and away from the mundane daily routine i.e. from him and the kids...lol What about men? they need time off as well. Is it too sissy for a man to be a regular spa goer? Or you guys would probably prefer hitting the gym to go bulk up muscles. Salaam,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,Irrelevant
288,Q17_R38,Q17_R56,Guys of QL; Spa Day or Gym?. Women often think of the Spa day as a prefect getaway to wrap themselves in calmness; and spend quality time off and away from the mundane daily routine i.e. from him and the kids...lol What about men? they need time off as well. Is it too sissy for a man to be a regular spa goer? Or you guys would probably prefer hitting the gym to go bulk up muscles. Salaam,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
289,Q17_R46,Q17_R56,Part-time job from home????. Hi there; I am looking for a part-time job I can do from home: writing; data-entry but please no tutoring. Is there a way of making some extra money from home?,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
290,Q18_R13,Q18_R14,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Contour Express - New Ladies only Gym. Good news Ladies! - Contour Express is a ladies only Gym they are now open in Qatar; in Dafna Free open house from 4th to 12th February... Call 4980099 and register your place for Open house I am going on Saturday evening...who wanna join me?? http://www.joincontoursexpress.com/index.html,Irrelevant
291,Q18_R13,Q18_R16,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,FITNESS FIRST. Has anyone joined fitness first in city centre? What do you think?,Irrelevant
292,Q18_R14,Q18_R16,Contour Express - New Ladies only Gym. Good news Ladies! - Contour Express is a ladies only Gym they are now open in Qatar; in Dafna Free open house from 4th to 12th February... Call 4980099 and register your place for Open house I am going on Saturday evening...who wanna join me?? http://www.joincontoursexpress.com/index.html,FITNESS FIRST. Has anyone joined fitness first in city centre? What do you think?,Irrelevant
293,Q19_R9,Q19_R23,Bahrain By Road. Hi Friends; Can anybody let me know how to go to Bahrain by road and how far it is? I was told by one of my friend that it is just 400kms away from Doha. Thanks for the replies in advance.,Hawar Islands - Is it possible to visit?. How? can a boat be rented in order to go there? From Dukhan? From any other place?,Irrelevant
294,Q19_R9,Q19_R27,Bahrain By Road. Hi Friends; Can anybody let me know how to go to Bahrain by road and how far it is? I was told by one of my friend that it is just 400kms away from Doha. Thanks for the replies in advance.,Bahrain Labor laws to remove expatriates. Without the expatriate talent where will economies like Qatar and Bahrain progress? http://qatarjournal.com/articles/07/10/02/1719210.shtml The above article clearly reflects a dilemma.... Favoritism and nepotism is a chief characteristic in the work places in the Middle East.......,Irrelevant
295,Q19_R9,Q19_R35,Bahrain By Road. Hi Friends; Can anybody let me know how to go to Bahrain by road and how far it is? I was told by one of my friend that it is just 400kms away from Doha. Thanks for the replies in advance.,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
296,Q19_R9,Q19_R37,Bahrain By Road. Hi Friends; Can anybody let me know how to go to Bahrain by road and how far it is? I was told by one of my friend that it is just 400kms away from Doha. Thanks for the replies in advance.,Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge. Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on????,Irrelevant
297,Q19_R9,Q19_R45,Bahrain By Road. Hi Friends; Can anybody let me know how to go to Bahrain by road and how far it is? I was told by one of my friend that it is just 400kms away from Doha. Thanks for the replies in advance.,Saudi by road - tips. Hello my people; please what are the requirement for traveling by owned car from Qatar to Saudi? I need information on what one must have before embacking on the journey to make it a smooth one. And also like hour many hours will the journey be; it is cost effective comapre to going by air; for family of 3. thanks.,Irrelevant
298,Q19_R23,Q19_R27,Hawar Islands - Is it possible to visit?. How? can a boat be rented in order to go there? From Dukhan? From any other place?,Bahrain Labor laws to remove expatriates. Without the expatriate talent where will economies like Qatar and Bahrain progress? http://qatarjournal.com/articles/07/10/02/1719210.shtml The above article clearly reflects a dilemma.... Favoritism and nepotism is a chief characteristic in the work places in the Middle East.......,Irrelevant
299,Q19_R23,Q19_R35,Hawar Islands - Is it possible to visit?. How? can a boat be rented in order to go there? From Dukhan? From any other place?,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
300,Q19_R23,Q19_R37,Hawar Islands - Is it possible to visit?. How? can a boat be rented in order to go there? From Dukhan? From any other place?,Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge. Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on????,Irrelevant
301,Q19_R23,Q19_R45,Hawar Islands - Is it possible to visit?. How? can a boat be rented in order to go there? From Dukhan? From any other place?,Saudi by road - tips. Hello my people; please what are the requirement for traveling by owned car from Qatar to Saudi? I need information on what one must have before embacking on the journey to make it a smooth one. And also like hour many hours will the journey be; it is cost effective comapre to going by air; for family of 3. thanks.,Irrelevant
302,Q19_R27,Q19_R35,Bahrain Labor laws to remove expatriates. Without the expatriate talent where will economies like Qatar and Bahrain progress? http://qatarjournal.com/articles/07/10/02/1719210.shtml The above article clearly reflects a dilemma.... Favoritism and nepotism is a chief characteristic in the work places in the Middle East.......,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
303,Q19_R27,Q19_R37,Bahrain Labor laws to remove expatriates. Without the expatriate talent where will economies like Qatar and Bahrain progress? http://qatarjournal.com/articles/07/10/02/1719210.shtml The above article clearly reflects a dilemma.... Favoritism and nepotism is a chief characteristic in the work places in the Middle East.......,Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge. Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on????,Irrelevant
304,Q19_R27,Q19_R45,Bahrain Labor laws to remove expatriates. Without the expatriate talent where will economies like Qatar and Bahrain progress? http://qatarjournal.com/articles/07/10/02/1719210.shtml The above article clearly reflects a dilemma.... Favoritism and nepotism is a chief characteristic in the work places in the Middle East.......,Saudi by road - tips. Hello my people; please what are the requirement for traveling by owned car from Qatar to Saudi? I need information on what one must have before embacking on the journey to make it a smooth one. And also like hour many hours will the journey be; it is cost effective comapre to going by air; for family of 3. thanks.,Irrelevant
305,Q19_R35,Q19_R37,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge. Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on????,Irrelevant
306,Q19_R35,Q19_R45,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Saudi by road - tips. Hello my people; please what are the requirement for traveling by owned car from Qatar to Saudi? I need information on what one must have before embacking on the journey to make it a smooth one. And also like hour many hours will the journey be; it is cost effective comapre to going by air; for family of 3. thanks.,Irrelevant
307,Q19_R37,Q19_R45,Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge. Qatar - Bahrain Causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on????,Saudi by road - tips. Hello my people; please what are the requirement for traveling by owned car from Qatar to Saudi? I need information on what one must have before embacking on the journey to make it a smooth one. And also like hour many hours will the journey be; it is cost effective comapre to going by air; for family of 3. thanks.,Irrelevant
308,Q20_R7,Q20_R43,Tricky question!. Guys I have a question; suppose that I decided to buy one of the apartments in one of the freehold projects such as the pearl or the west bay; what will happen to my sponsorship status; will I remain under the sponsorship of my company or this will change? And if it changed and I was granted another type of residence permit; will I be entitled to work in another place in Qatar or not?,Temporary NOC. HI; hw many kinds of NOC 'S are there? and what do we mean by a temporary NOC.Kindly enlighten.,Irrelevant
309,Q20_R7,Q20_R45,Tricky question!. Guys I have a question; suppose that I decided to buy one of the apartments in one of the freehold projects such as the pearl or the west bay; what will happen to my sponsorship status; will I remain under the sponsorship of my company or this will change? And if it changed and I was granted another type of residence permit; will I be entitled to work in another place in Qatar or not?,a q question about nannies. Hi; I contacted a nursery teacher who was looking for a job and i offered that she work as a nanny for my kids; 8 hours daily for 5 days aweek and she asked for 2500 QR monthly. She also asked if i can give her a work visa. Is this a reasonable price? and is their a difference in the salary if she is on my sponsorship and living at my house or if she is on somebody else sponsorship and live out? please provide your advice as soon as possiple.,Irrelevant
310,Q20_R7,Q20_R51,Tricky question!. Guys I have a question; suppose that I decided to buy one of the apartments in one of the freehold projects such as the pearl or the west bay; what will happen to my sponsorship status; will I remain under the sponsorship of my company or this will change? And if it changed and I was granted another type of residence permit; will I be entitled to work in another place in Qatar or not?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
311,Q20_R7,Q20_R64,Tricky question!. Guys I have a question; suppose that I decided to buy one of the apartments in one of the freehold projects such as the pearl or the west bay; what will happen to my sponsorship status; will I remain under the sponsorship of my company or this will change? And if it changed and I was granted another type of residence permit; will I be entitled to work in another place in Qatar or not?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
312,Q20_R43,Q20_R45,Temporary NOC. HI; hw many kinds of NOC 'S are there? and what do we mean by a temporary NOC.Kindly enlighten.,a q question about nannies. Hi; I contacted a nursery teacher who was looking for a job and i offered that she work as a nanny for my kids; 8 hours daily for 5 days aweek and she asked for 2500 QR monthly. She also asked if i can give her a work visa. Is this a reasonable price? and is their a difference in the salary if she is on my sponsorship and living at my house or if she is on somebody else sponsorship and live out? please provide your advice as soon as possiple.,Irrelevant
313,Q20_R43,Q20_R51,Temporary NOC. HI; hw many kinds of NOC 'S are there? and what do we mean by a temporary NOC.Kindly enlighten.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
314,Q20_R43,Q20_R64,Temporary NOC. HI; hw many kinds of NOC 'S are there? and what do we mean by a temporary NOC.Kindly enlighten.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
315,Q20_R45,Q20_R51,a q question about nannies. Hi; I contacted a nursery teacher who was looking for a job and i offered that she work as a nanny for my kids; 8 hours daily for 5 days aweek and she asked for 2500 QR monthly. She also asked if i can give her a work visa. Is this a reasonable price? and is their a difference in the salary if she is on my sponsorship and living at my house or if she is on somebody else sponsorship and live out? please provide your advice as soon as possiple.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
316,Q20_R45,Q20_R64,a q question about nannies. Hi; I contacted a nursery teacher who was looking for a job and i offered that she work as a nanny for my kids; 8 hours daily for 5 days aweek and she asked for 2500 QR monthly. She also asked if i can give her a work visa. Is this a reasonable price? and is their a difference in the salary if she is on my sponsorship and living at my house or if she is on somebody else sponsorship and live out? please provide your advice as soon as possiple.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
317,Q20_R51,Q20_R64,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
318,Q21_R17,Q21_R51,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,Irrelevant
319,Q21_R17,Q21_R58,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,Irrelevant
320,Q21_R17,Q21_R64,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Irrelevant
321,Q21_R17,Q21_R71,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
322,Q21_R17,Q21_R82,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
323,Q21_R17,Q21_R87,souks. Hello people! I heard about the demolition of the souks in Doha; was very sad to hear that:( Any idea where the irani souk is shifted to? or anyother souk?,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
324,Q21_R51,Q21_R58,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,Irrelevant
325,Q21_R51,Q21_R64,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Irrelevant
326,Q21_R51,Q21_R71,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
327,Q21_R51,Q21_R82,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
328,Q21_R51,Q21_R87,What do u do on Fridays?. Hi all; if u don't have a car ; then where ( and how!) to go on weekends? i have seen malls many times in past 6 months( i m in doha since june 08) is that all in here ? i m sure there must be something more .. Intersted in knowing what others do here? Many Thanx,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
329,Q21_R58,Q21_R64,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Irrelevant
330,Q21_R58,Q21_R71,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
331,Q21_R58,Q21_R82,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
332,Q21_R58,Q21_R87,Free Arabic Lesson. do you know any institution or organization that offers free Arabic speaking lesson? Please let me know...thanks!,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
333,Q21_R64,Q21_R71,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
334,Q21_R64,Q21_R82,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
335,Q21_R64,Q21_R87,New to Qatar. Hi all; I am moving to Qatar in one month and am wondering how life is there? Any advice for a lebanese american? thanks; Laila,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
336,Q21_R71,Q21_R82,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
337,Q21_R71,Q21_R87,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
338,Q21_R82,Q21_R87,Trips to Zikrit/Film City. Dear QL member; Have anybody been there before please suggest me that what are the attractions over there. Can I go there without 4x4 ? Your opinion highly appreciated. Thanks,Qatar Ghosts and Hauntings. What are the most haunted places in Qatar? What are the most popular ghost stories doing the rounds? I heard that there is a ghost couple aroung Simaisma bridge on the way to Al Khor.There is also a haunted house somewhere outside doha...,Irrelevant
339,Q22_R24,Q22_R37,Salary Offer. I was given an offer of 8000QAR inclusive (which includes Housing; Transpo; GSM; Health). Is this sufficient enough during my stay in Qatar? I have 2 kids and wife back in the Philippines and they will be dependent on the monthly remittance from me. Will that be sufficient enough? Looking forward for your response... Thank you Kababayan..,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
340,Q22_R24,Q22_R43,Salary Offer. I was given an offer of 8000QAR inclusive (which includes Housing; Transpo; GSM; Health). Is this sufficient enough during my stay in Qatar? I have 2 kids and wife back in the Philippines and they will be dependent on the monthly remittance from me. Will that be sufficient enough? Looking forward for your response... Thank you Kababayan..,END OF SERVICE BENEFIT. What is the computation of Gratuity or END OF SERVICE BENEFITS for the working period of 7 years? Thanks to confirm....,Irrelevant
341,Q22_R24,Q22_R48,Salary Offer. I was given an offer of 8000QAR inclusive (which includes Housing; Transpo; GSM; Health). Is this sufficient enough during my stay in Qatar? I have 2 kids and wife back in the Philippines and they will be dependent on the monthly remittance from me. Will that be sufficient enough? Looking forward for your response... Thank you Kababayan..,Qatar airways salary for grade qr 5 and 6. Could you please give me the latest figures for grade 5 and 6 working for qatar airways head office? Basic? Benefits? For GCC nationals. Regards,Irrelevant
342,Q22_R24,Q22_R58,Salary Offer. I was given an offer of 8000QAR inclusive (which includes Housing; Transpo; GSM; Health). Is this sufficient enough during my stay in Qatar? I have 2 kids and wife back in the Philippines and they will be dependent on the monthly remittance from me. Will that be sufficient enough? Looking forward for your response... Thank you Kababayan..,OFW DIRECT HIRED:INQUIRY(authentication of contracts). Good pm kababayans!! Please i need advise regarding my query;My employment contract was sent to me already today; and someone advise me that it should be authenticated by the Phil embassy there at QATAR. Will POEA accept this contract for the processing of my EOC?Ive done already the VISA stamping ang other requirements and this contract is really my concern? Please need help...thanks!:),Irrelevant
343,Q22_R24,Q22_R62,Salary Offer. I was given an offer of 8000QAR inclusive (which includes Housing; Transpo; GSM; Health). Is this sufficient enough during my stay in Qatar? I have 2 kids and wife back in the Philippines and they will be dependent on the monthly remittance from me. Will that be sufficient enough? Looking forward for your response... Thank you Kababayan..,Scam or Not?. Can someone advice what is the right step if you have receive and appointment letter from qatar foundation. How can we identify if it is a scam or not? Can someone from the hired from QATAR FOUNDATION give their opinion. what are step or the policy do the qatar foundation if your hired from this organization?,Irrelevant
344,Q22_R37,Q22_R43,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,END OF SERVICE BENEFIT. What is the computation of Gratuity or END OF SERVICE BENEFITS for the working period of 7 years? Thanks to confirm....,Irrelevant
345,Q22_R37,Q22_R48,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Qatar airways salary for grade qr 5 and 6. Could you please give me the latest figures for grade 5 and 6 working for qatar airways head office? Basic? Benefits? For GCC nationals. Regards,Irrelevant
346,Q22_R37,Q22_R58,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,OFW DIRECT HIRED:INQUIRY(authentication of contracts). Good pm kababayans!! Please i need advise regarding my query;My employment contract was sent to me already today; and someone advise me that it should be authenticated by the Phil embassy there at QATAR. Will POEA accept this contract for the processing of my EOC?Ive done already the VISA stamping ang other requirements and this contract is really my concern? Please need help...thanks!:),Irrelevant
347,Q22_R37,Q22_R62,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Scam or Not?. Can someone advice what is the right step if you have receive and appointment letter from qatar foundation. How can we identify if it is a scam or not? Can someone from the hired from QATAR FOUNDATION give their opinion. what are step or the policy do the qatar foundation if your hired from this organization?,Irrelevant
348,Q22_R43,Q22_R48,END OF SERVICE BENEFIT. What is the computation of Gratuity or END OF SERVICE BENEFITS for the working period of 7 years? Thanks to confirm....,Qatar airways salary for grade qr 5 and 6. Could you please give me the latest figures for grade 5 and 6 working for qatar airways head office? Basic? Benefits? For GCC nationals. Regards,Irrelevant
349,Q22_R43,Q22_R58,END OF SERVICE BENEFIT. What is the computation of Gratuity or END OF SERVICE BENEFITS for the working period of 7 years? Thanks to confirm....,OFW DIRECT HIRED:INQUIRY(authentication of contracts). Good pm kababayans!! Please i need advise regarding my query;My employment contract was sent to me already today; and someone advise me that it should be authenticated by the Phil embassy there at QATAR. Will POEA accept this contract for the processing of my EOC?Ive done already the VISA stamping ang other requirements and this contract is really my concern? Please need help...thanks!:),Irrelevant
350,Q22_R43,Q22_R62,END OF SERVICE BENEFIT. What is the computation of Gratuity or END OF SERVICE BENEFITS for the working period of 7 years? Thanks to confirm....,Scam or Not?. Can someone advice what is the right step if you have receive and appointment letter from qatar foundation. How can we identify if it is a scam or not? Can someone from the hired from QATAR FOUNDATION give their opinion. what are step or the policy do the qatar foundation if your hired from this organization?,Irrelevant
351,Q22_R48,Q22_R58,Qatar airways salary for grade qr 5 and 6. Could you please give me the latest figures for grade 5 and 6 working for qatar airways head office? Basic? Benefits? For GCC nationals. Regards,OFW DIRECT HIRED:INQUIRY(authentication of contracts). Good pm kababayans!! Please i need advise regarding my query;My employment contract was sent to me already today; and someone advise me that it should be authenticated by the Phil embassy there at QATAR. Will POEA accept this contract for the processing of my EOC?Ive done already the VISA stamping ang other requirements and this contract is really my concern? Please need help...thanks!:),Irrelevant
352,Q22_R48,Q22_R62,Qatar airways salary for grade qr 5 and 6. Could you please give me the latest figures for grade 5 and 6 working for qatar airways head office? Basic? Benefits? For GCC nationals. Regards,Scam or Not?. Can someone advice what is the right step if you have receive and appointment letter from qatar foundation. How can we identify if it is a scam or not? Can someone from the hired from QATAR FOUNDATION give their opinion. what are step or the policy do the qatar foundation if your hired from this organization?,Irrelevant
353,Q22_R58,Q22_R62,OFW DIRECT HIRED:INQUIRY(authentication of contracts). Good pm kababayans!! Please i need advise regarding my query;My employment contract was sent to me already today; and someone advise me that it should be authenticated by the Phil embassy there at QATAR. Will POEA accept this contract for the processing of my EOC?Ive done already the VISA stamping ang other requirements and this contract is really my concern? Please need help...thanks!:),Scam or Not?. Can someone advice what is the right step if you have receive and appointment letter from qatar foundation. How can we identify if it is a scam or not? Can someone from the hired from QATAR FOUNDATION give their opinion. what are step or the policy do the qatar foundation if your hired from this organization?,Irrelevant
354,Q23_R26,Q23_R28,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Just a random thought!. Is there any correlation between loneliness and being honest?,Irrelevant
355,Q23_R26,Q23_R29,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Qatari youth drive the streets. other than the passion for fast or flashy vehicles in which to cruise Doha's streets; what else is there for young Qatari men to do? Do they have youth clubs where they can gather to socialise? Who knows what they get up to outside of school/college?,Irrelevant
356,Q23_R26,Q23_R38,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Qatar Living. com;;;an addictive platform. Qatar Living.com;;;is this website becoming an addictive platform for you? for me it is; lolz. nice place for socializing by sharing opinions and suggestions. Moreover it is like a newspaper for me :) what do u think of it?,Irrelevant
357,Q23_R28,Q23_R29,Just a random thought!. Is there any correlation between loneliness and being honest?,Qatari youth drive the streets. other than the passion for fast or flashy vehicles in which to cruise Doha's streets; what else is there for young Qatari men to do? Do they have youth clubs where they can gather to socialise? Who knows what they get up to outside of school/college?,Irrelevant
358,Q23_R28,Q23_R38,Just a random thought!. Is there any correlation between loneliness and being honest?,Qatar Living. com;;;an addictive platform. Qatar Living.com;;;is this website becoming an addictive platform for you? for me it is; lolz. nice place for socializing by sharing opinions and suggestions. Moreover it is like a newspaper for me :) what do u think of it?,Irrelevant
359,Q23_R29,Q23_R38,Qatari youth drive the streets. other than the passion for fast or flashy vehicles in which to cruise Doha's streets; what else is there for young Qatari men to do? Do they have youth clubs where they can gather to socialise? Who knows what they get up to outside of school/college?,Qatar Living. com;;;an addictive platform. Qatar Living.com;;;is this website becoming an addictive platform for you? for me it is; lolz. nice place for socializing by sharing opinions and suggestions. Moreover it is like a newspaper for me :) what do u think of it?,Irrelevant
360,Q24_R12,Q24_R31,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Irrelevant
361,Q24_R12,Q24_R34,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Irrelevant
362,Q24_R12,Q24_R37,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Irrelevant
363,Q24_R12,Q24_R54,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
364,Q24_R12,Q24_R67,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Irrelevant
365,Q24_R12,Q24_R70,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
366,Q24_R12,Q24_R78,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
367,Q24_R12,Q24_R80,Finding a good home for your cat??. hey every bady if you have cats and you want to find a new home so you are at the right place so if you have cats and want to find new home just write here you name nd phone number so i can contact you ****cats helper****,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
368,Q24_R31,Q24_R34,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Irrelevant
369,Q24_R31,Q24_R37,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Irrelevant
370,Q24_R31,Q24_R54,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
371,Q24_R31,Q24_R67,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Irrelevant
372,Q24_R31,Q24_R70,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
373,Q24_R31,Q24_R78,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
374,Q24_R31,Q24_R80,my cat always hang out. of our main gate.she loves to stay out for hours but i am scared may b she will lost her way back home or accident etc.anybody advice on how can i keep her inside for full time?we hav to go many times out to call her or to pick her inside but after few hours she again go out from roof tops/ climbing walls.many times its hard to catch her as she run farther when we try to pick her up from outside. plz advice.,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
375,Q24_R34,Q24_R37,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Irrelevant
376,Q24_R34,Q24_R54,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
377,Q24_R34,Q24_R67,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Irrelevant
378,Q24_R34,Q24_R70,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
379,Q24_R34,Q24_R78,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
380,Q24_R34,Q24_R80,If u were going 2 die tomorrow. If u were going 2 die tomorrow; who would u call? what would u say?and what the hell are u waiting for?,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
381,Q24_R37,Q24_R54,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
382,Q24_R37,Q24_R67,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Irrelevant
383,Q24_R37,Q24_R70,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
384,Q24_R37,Q24_R78,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
385,Q24_R37,Q24_R80,Cat found. Cat found - clearly someone's lost pet. Blue eyes; brown and cream fur. Anyone missing such a cat??,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
386,Q24_R54,Q24_R67,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Irrelevant
387,Q24_R54,Q24_R70,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
388,Q24_R54,Q24_R78,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
389,Q24_R54,Q24_R80,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
390,Q24_R67,Q24_R70,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
391,Q24_R67,Q24_R78,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
392,Q24_R67,Q24_R80,Pest Control. Hi anyone here can suggest a pest control company to eliminate household cockroaches? Fee should be a minimal around 200QAR. We just have a small type villa and a small kitchen. Thanks.,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
393,Q24_R70,Q24_R78,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
394,Q24_R70,Q24_R80,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
395,Q24_R78,Q24_R80,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Elder Tree Nursery. Any idea how the Elder Tree Nursery at Hilal is? Do they have enough activities for the kids?or is it Tv all the time?and how are the teachers and class assistants?are the kids given enough attention to? I was thinking of sending my 2 year old there-but i heard a few uncomplimentary things bout the nursery lately...so would like some feedback on the same.....,Irrelevant
396,Q26_R35,Q26_R56,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
397,Q26_R35,Q26_R73,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,Irrelevant
398,Q26_R35,Q26_R77,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,Irrelevant
399,Q26_R35,Q26_R83,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,Irrelevant
400,Q26_R35,Q26_R84,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
401,Q26_R35,Q26_R86,What is FREE Visa.....?. I'm a Sri Lankan IT Professional and currently in Doha for the last 3 months on a Visit Visa. But I could not find a job. Now I'm Planning to get a FREE VISA. If I get a free visa; can I do part time jobs. Is there any restrictions for these kind of visas? Is it illegal? anyone please advice me.,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
402,Q26_R56,Q26_R73,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,Irrelevant
403,Q26_R56,Q26_R77,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,Irrelevant
404,Q26_R56,Q26_R83,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,Irrelevant
405,Q26_R56,Q26_R84,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
406,Q26_R56,Q26_R86,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
407,Q26_R73,Q26_R77,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,Irrelevant
408,Q26_R73,Q26_R83,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,Irrelevant
409,Q26_R73,Q26_R84,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
410,Q26_R73,Q26_R86,Renting a boat in Qatar?. Me and couple of friends from work are planning to rent a boat for a day and go out to sea; mainly for fishing and having fun. Can anyone suggest where/how/when we can rent a boat from say from 10am to 6pm? Any other additional information much appreciated,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
411,Q26_R77,Q26_R83,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,Irrelevant
412,Q26_R77,Q26_R84,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
413,Q26_R77,Q26_R86,Tipping in Qatar. Is Tipping customary in Qatar ? What is considered "reasonable" amount to tip : 1. The guy that pushes the shopping trolley for you 2. The person that washes your car 3. The tea boy that makes coffee for you in the office 4. The waiters at 5-star restaurants 5. The petrol pump attendants etc,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
414,Q26_R83,Q26_R84,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
415,Q26_R83,Q26_R86,1500 QR salary for 3 months. Hello Everyone !!! I am a recent graduate engineer with no work experience. I have been offered a post as a trainee ELV engineer. I will be earning 1500 QR per month for the training period of 3 months after which i can expect a salary raise. My question is; will I be able to survive on 1500qr a month ? Considering my official accommodation is going to cost me 700qr per month (i will be sharing an apartment with 4 others). Hope to hear from you all soon !!!,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
416,Q26_R84,Q26_R86,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Where can I print onto mugs or cups?. I would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups. Where can I have this type of printing done?,Irrelevant
417,Q28_R8,Q28_R13,HIYA. BOYS..GALS WASSUP..HOW U DOING? ROCKING HUH; OK OK EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES AND U KNOW THAT CAN U PLZ SUGGEST THE BEST GIFT FOR A GF FOR CHRISTMAS?? HAVE A NICE DAY!,Why do we celebrate Christmas ?. Just been wondering round the strets. Saw all the decorations. Even had carol singers at the front door last night.. So; a thought comes to mind... Since many in the UK (an probably around the world) don't consider themselves to be religious. Then why celebrate Christmas ?,Irrelevant
418,Q28_R8,Q28_R20,HIYA. BOYS..GALS WASSUP..HOW U DOING? ROCKING HUH; OK OK EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES AND U KNOW THAT CAN U PLZ SUGGEST THE BEST GIFT FOR A GF FOR CHRISTMAS?? HAVE A NICE DAY!,SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS................ cHRISTMAS is now quite approaching. Obviously i never seen nor felt a spirit of christmas here. What did ya think?,Irrelevant
419,Q28_R8,Q28_R23,HIYA. BOYS..GALS WASSUP..HOW U DOING? ROCKING HUH; OK OK EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES AND U KNOW THAT CAN U PLZ SUGGEST THE BEST GIFT FOR A GF FOR CHRISTMAS?? HAVE A NICE DAY!,Valentines Gift... What is a good Valentine's day gift? What have you given to your date last Valentine? What's the worst Valentine's day you have ever received?,Irrelevant
420,Q28_R8,Q28_R36,HIYA. BOYS..GALS WASSUP..HOW U DOING? ROCKING HUH; OK OK EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES AND U KNOW THAT CAN U PLZ SUGGEST THE BEST GIFT FOR A GF FOR CHRISTMAS?? HAVE A NICE DAY!,My first date I am sooo nervous what will I wear?. I am going on my first date even though I am 39 years old. I was wondering what would a lady prefer me to wear on a first date? Red skimpy 'tanga' briefs or a liquorice thong? I can't decide which because I look equaly handsome in both! What do you think? Skimpy briefs or liquorice thong? Lots of advanced thanks my style guru chums! x x x,Irrelevant
421,Q28_R8,Q28_R37,HIYA. BOYS..GALS WASSUP..HOW U DOING? ROCKING HUH; OK OK EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES AND U KNOW THAT CAN U PLZ SUGGEST THE BEST GIFT FOR A GF FOR CHRISTMAS?? HAVE A NICE DAY!,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
422,Q28_R13,Q28_R20,Why do we celebrate Christmas ?. Just been wondering round the strets. Saw all the decorations. Even had carol singers at the front door last night.. So; a thought comes to mind... Since many in the UK (an probably around the world) don't consider themselves to be religious. Then why celebrate Christmas ?,SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS................ cHRISTMAS is now quite approaching. Obviously i never seen nor felt a spirit of christmas here. What did ya think?,Irrelevant
423,Q28_R13,Q28_R23,Why do we celebrate Christmas ?. Just been wondering round the strets. Saw all the decorations. Even had carol singers at the front door last night.. So; a thought comes to mind... Since many in the UK (an probably around the world) don't consider themselves to be religious. Then why celebrate Christmas ?,Valentines Gift... What is a good Valentine's day gift? What have you given to your date last Valentine? What's the worst Valentine's day you have ever received?,Irrelevant
424,Q28_R13,Q28_R36,Why do we celebrate Christmas ?. Just been wondering round the strets. Saw all the decorations. Even had carol singers at the front door last night.. So; a thought comes to mind... Since many in the UK (an probably around the world) don't consider themselves to be religious. Then why celebrate Christmas ?,My first date I am sooo nervous what will I wear?. I am going on my first date even though I am 39 years old. I was wondering what would a lady prefer me to wear on a first date? Red skimpy 'tanga' briefs or a liquorice thong? I can't decide which because I look equaly handsome in both! What do you think? Skimpy briefs or liquorice thong? Lots of advanced thanks my style guru chums! x x x,Irrelevant
425,Q28_R13,Q28_R37,Why do we celebrate Christmas ?. Just been wondering round the strets. Saw all the decorations. Even had carol singers at the front door last night.. So; a thought comes to mind... Since many in the UK (an probably around the world) don't consider themselves to be religious. Then why celebrate Christmas ?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
426,Q28_R20,Q28_R23,SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS................ cHRISTMAS is now quite approaching. Obviously i never seen nor felt a spirit of christmas here. What did ya think?,Valentines Gift... What is a good Valentine's day gift? What have you given to your date last Valentine? What's the worst Valentine's day you have ever received?,Irrelevant
427,Q28_R20,Q28_R36,SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS................ cHRISTMAS is now quite approaching. Obviously i never seen nor felt a spirit of christmas here. What did ya think?,My first date I am sooo nervous what will I wear?. I am going on my first date even though I am 39 years old. I was wondering what would a lady prefer me to wear on a first date? Red skimpy 'tanga' briefs or a liquorice thong? I can't decide which because I look equaly handsome in both! What do you think? Skimpy briefs or liquorice thong? Lots of advanced thanks my style guru chums! x x x,Irrelevant
428,Q28_R20,Q28_R37,SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS................ cHRISTMAS is now quite approaching. Obviously i never seen nor felt a spirit of christmas here. What did ya think?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
429,Q28_R23,Q28_R36,Valentines Gift... What is a good Valentine's day gift? What have you given to your date last Valentine? What's the worst Valentine's day you have ever received?,My first date I am sooo nervous what will I wear?. I am going on my first date even though I am 39 years old. I was wondering what would a lady prefer me to wear on a first date? Red skimpy 'tanga' briefs or a liquorice thong? I can't decide which because I look equaly handsome in both! What do you think? Skimpy briefs or liquorice thong? Lots of advanced thanks my style guru chums! x x x,Irrelevant
430,Q28_R23,Q28_R37,Valentines Gift... What is a good Valentine's day gift? What have you given to your date last Valentine? What's the worst Valentine's day you have ever received?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
431,Q28_R36,Q28_R37,My first date I am sooo nervous what will I wear?. I am going on my first date even though I am 39 years old. I was wondering what would a lady prefer me to wear on a first date? Red skimpy 'tanga' briefs or a liquorice thong? I can't decide which because I look equaly handsome in both! What do you think? Skimpy briefs or liquorice thong? Lots of advanced thanks my style guru chums! x x x,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
432,Q29_R33,Q29_R51,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,NOC; 2 year work ban; exit permit in Qatar.. Hi; Can you make your valuable comments here. Who exactly benefit out of it with the existing rules on NOC; 2 year work ban and an exit permit for every overseas travel? How do you think Qatar's reputation visulised by other Middle East countries; Europe; Asia and rest of the world?,Irrelevant
433,Q29_R33,Q29_R52,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Travellers 'disgusted' by Australian hotels. What do you expect- Australia all over is a dirty; rude country.??? http://www.news.com.au/travel/story/0;28318;24979074-5014090;00.html,Irrelevant
434,Q29_R33,Q29_R68,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
435,Q29_R33,Q29_R70,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Look for Jobs in Canada from Qatar. Hi All; I am 8+ years of experience in Java technology. I am looking for some consultant or somebody who can guide me to get jobs in Canada/Australia/NZ. Here I am working as software consultant on RP but I am an Indian citizen so does it matters to file visa from Qatar ? Please guide me and help me out on the same.... Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
436,Q29_R33,Q29_R75,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
437,Q29_R51,Q29_R52,NOC; 2 year work ban; exit permit in Qatar.. Hi; Can you make your valuable comments here. Who exactly benefit out of it with the existing rules on NOC; 2 year work ban and an exit permit for every overseas travel? How do you think Qatar's reputation visulised by other Middle East countries; Europe; Asia and rest of the world?,Travellers 'disgusted' by Australian hotels. What do you expect- Australia all over is a dirty; rude country.??? http://www.news.com.au/travel/story/0;28318;24979074-5014090;00.html,Irrelevant
438,Q29_R51,Q29_R68,NOC; 2 year work ban; exit permit in Qatar.. Hi; Can you make your valuable comments here. Who exactly benefit out of it with the existing rules on NOC; 2 year work ban and an exit permit for every overseas travel? How do you think Qatar's reputation visulised by other Middle East countries; Europe; Asia and rest of the world?,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
439,Q29_R51,Q29_R70,NOC; 2 year work ban; exit permit in Qatar.. Hi; Can you make your valuable comments here. Who exactly benefit out of it with the existing rules on NOC; 2 year work ban and an exit permit for every overseas travel? How do you think Qatar's reputation visulised by other Middle East countries; Europe; Asia and rest of the world?,Look for Jobs in Canada from Qatar. Hi All; I am 8+ years of experience in Java technology. I am looking for some consultant or somebody who can guide me to get jobs in Canada/Australia/NZ. Here I am working as software consultant on RP but I am an Indian citizen so does it matters to file visa from Qatar ? Please guide me and help me out on the same.... Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
440,Q29_R51,Q29_R75,NOC; 2 year work ban; exit permit in Qatar.. Hi; Can you make your valuable comments here. Who exactly benefit out of it with the existing rules on NOC; 2 year work ban and an exit permit for every overseas travel? How do you think Qatar's reputation visulised by other Middle East countries; Europe; Asia and rest of the world?,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
441,Q29_R52,Q29_R68,Travellers 'disgusted' by Australian hotels. What do you expect- Australia all over is a dirty; rude country.??? http://www.news.com.au/travel/story/0;28318;24979074-5014090;00.html,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
442,Q29_R52,Q29_R70,Travellers 'disgusted' by Australian hotels. What do you expect- Australia all over is a dirty; rude country.??? http://www.news.com.au/travel/story/0;28318;24979074-5014090;00.html,Look for Jobs in Canada from Qatar. Hi All; I am 8+ years of experience in Java technology. I am looking for some consultant or somebody who can guide me to get jobs in Canada/Australia/NZ. Here I am working as software consultant on RP but I am an Indian citizen so does it matters to file visa from Qatar ? Please guide me and help me out on the same.... Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
443,Q29_R52,Q29_R75,Travellers 'disgusted' by Australian hotels. What do you expect- Australia all over is a dirty; rude country.??? http://www.news.com.au/travel/story/0;28318;24979074-5014090;00.html,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
444,Q29_R68,Q29_R70,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Look for Jobs in Canada from Qatar. Hi All; I am 8+ years of experience in Java technology. I am looking for some consultant or somebody who can guide me to get jobs in Canada/Australia/NZ. Here I am working as software consultant on RP but I am an Indian citizen so does it matters to file visa from Qatar ? Please guide me and help me out on the same.... Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
445,Q29_R68,Q29_R75,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
446,Q29_R70,Q29_R75,Look for Jobs in Canada from Qatar. Hi All; I am 8+ years of experience in Java technology. I am looking for some consultant or somebody who can guide me to get jobs in Canada/Australia/NZ. Here I am working as software consultant on RP but I am an Indian citizen so does it matters to file visa from Qatar ? Please guide me and help me out on the same.... Thank you in advance.,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
447,Q30_R9,Q30_R10,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
448,Q30_R9,Q30_R11,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Irrelevant
449,Q30_R9,Q30_R12,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Irrelevant
450,Q30_R9,Q30_R20,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Irrelevant
451,Q30_R9,Q30_R26,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Irrelevant
452,Q30_R9,Q30_R27,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
453,Q30_R9,Q30_R36,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
454,Q30_R9,Q30_R37,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
455,Q30_R9,Q30_R39,If I were a...... If you are a tree... what type are you?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
456,Q30_R10,Q30_R11,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Irrelevant
457,Q30_R10,Q30_R12,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Irrelevant
458,Q30_R10,Q30_R20,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Irrelevant
459,Q30_R10,Q30_R26,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Irrelevant
460,Q30_R10,Q30_R27,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
461,Q30_R10,Q30_R36,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
462,Q30_R10,Q30_R37,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
463,Q30_R10,Q30_R39,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
464,Q30_R11,Q30_R12,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Irrelevant
465,Q30_R11,Q30_R20,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Irrelevant
466,Q30_R11,Q30_R26,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Irrelevant
467,Q30_R11,Q30_R27,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
468,Q30_R11,Q30_R36,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
469,Q30_R11,Q30_R37,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
470,Q30_R11,Q30_R39,more than handsome. why indian from kerala is more than handsome from indian bombay?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
471,Q30_R12,Q30_R20,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Irrelevant
472,Q30_R12,Q30_R26,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Irrelevant
473,Q30_R12,Q30_R27,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
474,Q30_R12,Q30_R36,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
475,Q30_R12,Q30_R37,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
476,Q30_R12,Q30_R39,Time for a break. These are some buzzles: 1. What is thing that can not be eaten at night? 2. It moves around you but you do not see it? 3. The more you take from it the bigger it gets? 4. Full of holes but it is capable of storing water? 5. When its head gets cut it rains? Good luck.,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
477,Q30_R20,Q30_R26,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Irrelevant
478,Q30_R20,Q30_R27,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
479,Q30_R20,Q30_R36,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
480,Q30_R20,Q30_R37,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
481,Q30_R20,Q30_R39,where can i buy a effective hair growing oil?. hey; i've got a few bald patches. which hair oil or lotion is effective to help grow my hair and cover those bald patches? & where can i buy this hair growing oil/lotion ?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
482,Q30_R26,Q30_R27,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
483,Q30_R26,Q30_R36,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
484,Q30_R26,Q30_R37,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
485,Q30_R26,Q30_R39,HUSBAND CHEATED.... WHAT WILL YOU DO IF YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND AND YOUR HOUSEMAID HAVING AN AFFAIR?....,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
486,Q30_R27,Q30_R36,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Irrelevant
487,Q30_R27,Q30_R37,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
488,Q30_R27,Q30_R39,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
489,Q30_R36,Q30_R37,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Irrelevant
490,Q30_R36,Q30_R39,Which razor do you use?. Feeding from the soap thread; I thought we may as well have a toiletries theme day. I love the Gillette Fusion; but refuse to pay the stupidly inflated prices. Instead I use Wilkinson Sword or (Schic as they are known out here) Titanium. Almost as good; but half the price for the blades. However every store I go into is dominated with Gillette displays. What do you use?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
491,Q30_R37,Q30_R39,flirts. as I was moving my husband's dirty clothes to the hamper this morning; i saw a pink note drop from his trousers' pocket. it wrote; "pls add me..thank you..." and then a hotmail address. WTF is going on in this society! ladies slipping small notes of their IM addresses to "cute" guys; not checking if he's available or not! so what's a guy gotta do if the chicks themselves are throwing themselves to men like that? any insights...?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
492,Q31_R12,Q31_R20,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
493,Q31_R12,Q31_R22,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
494,Q31_R12,Q31_R23,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Irrelevant
495,Q31_R12,Q31_R27,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
496,Q31_R12,Q31_R28,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Irrelevant
497,Q31_R12,Q31_R30,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
498,Q31_R12,Q31_R32,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
499,Q31_R12,Q31_R35,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
500,Q31_R12,Q31_R36,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
501,Q31_R20,Q31_R22,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
502,Q31_R20,Q31_R23,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Irrelevant
503,Q31_R20,Q31_R27,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
504,Q31_R20,Q31_R28,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Irrelevant
505,Q31_R20,Q31_R30,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
506,Q31_R20,Q31_R32,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
507,Q31_R20,Q31_R35,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
508,Q31_R20,Q31_R36,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
509,Q31_R22,Q31_R23,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Irrelevant
510,Q31_R22,Q31_R27,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
511,Q31_R22,Q31_R28,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Irrelevant
512,Q31_R22,Q31_R30,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
513,Q31_R22,Q31_R32,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
514,Q31_R22,Q31_R35,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
515,Q31_R22,Q31_R36,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
516,Q31_R23,Q31_R27,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
517,Q31_R23,Q31_R28,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Irrelevant
518,Q31_R23,Q31_R30,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
519,Q31_R23,Q31_R32,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
520,Q31_R23,Q31_R35,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
521,Q31_R23,Q31_R36,sushi??. my kids have just got their next karate belt; and we promised them a 'slap-up' sushi meal to celebrate. Is there a proper sushi bar in Doha; apart from the hotels? all suggestions welcomed; on behalf of an 8 & 10 year old... thanks; Grantley,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
522,Q31_R27,Q31_R28,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Irrelevant
523,Q31_R27,Q31_R30,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
524,Q31_R27,Q31_R32,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
525,Q31_R27,Q31_R35,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
526,Q31_R27,Q31_R36,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
527,Q31_R28,Q31_R30,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Irrelevant
528,Q31_R28,Q31_R32,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
529,Q31_R28,Q31_R35,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
530,Q31_R28,Q31_R36,is bottled mineral water ok for baby milk?. hi there i have just got back from the uk after having my 2nd child and iam having mixed views on what water to make up the baby milk; health visitors at home have said mineral water is ok but not for long periods but a few people over here have suggested boling the tap water! but dont know what is in that! lol; what have u mothers in doha been doing??? thanks kay,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
531,Q31_R30,Q31_R32,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
532,Q31_R30,Q31_R35,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
533,Q31_R30,Q31_R36,American married to a Qatari. I will soon marry a Qatari man and live in Doha. Recently I was told that once I am married and in Qatar that I will not be allowed to travel back to the USA or any country without my husbands permission. Can someone tell me if this is correct? I have tried researching this but have not found any definite information. Also; if there are any American women married to a Qatari on QL; I would love to ask more questions. Thank you,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
534,Q31_R32,Q31_R35,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
535,Q31_R32,Q31_R36,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
536,Q31_R35,Q31_R36,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
537,Q32_R6,Q32_R11,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
538,Q32_R6,Q32_R17,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
539,Q32_R6,Q32_R22,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
540,Q32_R6,Q32_R24,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Irrelevant
541,Q32_R6,Q32_R31,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
542,Q32_R6,Q32_R34,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
543,Q32_R6,Q32_R36,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
544,Q32_R6,Q32_R38,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
545,Q32_R11,Q32_R17,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
546,Q32_R11,Q32_R22,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
547,Q32_R11,Q32_R24,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Irrelevant
548,Q32_R11,Q32_R31,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
549,Q32_R11,Q32_R34,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
550,Q32_R11,Q32_R36,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
551,Q32_R11,Q32_R38,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
552,Q32_R17,Q32_R22,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
553,Q32_R17,Q32_R24,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Irrelevant
554,Q32_R17,Q32_R31,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
555,Q32_R17,Q32_R34,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
556,Q32_R17,Q32_R36,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
557,Q32_R17,Q32_R38,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
558,Q32_R22,Q32_R24,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Irrelevant
559,Q32_R22,Q32_R31,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
560,Q32_R22,Q32_R34,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
561,Q32_R22,Q32_R36,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
562,Q32_R22,Q32_R38,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
563,Q32_R24,Q32_R31,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
564,Q32_R24,Q32_R34,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
565,Q32_R24,Q32_R36,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
566,Q32_R24,Q32_R38,Working Visa issuance how long. Hello guyz; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in Qatar? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy. its almost 40days today. I do hope someone can answer my query. by the way i'm from Philippines. Regards; JM,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
567,Q32_R31,Q32_R34,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
568,Q32_R31,Q32_R36,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
569,Q32_R31,Q32_R38,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
570,Q32_R34,Q32_R36,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
571,Q32_R34,Q32_R38,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
572,Q32_R36,Q32_R38,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
573,Q34_R33,Q34_R34,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
574,Q34_R33,Q34_R51,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
575,Q34_R33,Q34_R73,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
576,Q34_R33,Q34_R85,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Any good IT companies in Qatar???. I am looking for a prospective employment in Qatar. I have overall 9 years of experience in IT systems management and 6 years of that work experience has been in USA working for fortune 500 companies like Bank of America; 3M; Medtronic Inc; United Airlines; Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield; Kraft foods etc. Any help is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
577,Q34_R34,Q34_R51,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
578,Q34_R34,Q34_R73,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
579,Q34_R34,Q34_R85,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Any good IT companies in Qatar???. I am looking for a prospective employment in Qatar. I have overall 9 years of experience in IT systems management and 6 years of that work experience has been in USA working for fortune 500 companies like Bank of America; 3M; Medtronic Inc; United Airlines; Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield; Kraft foods etc. Any help is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
580,Q34_R51,Q34_R73,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
581,Q34_R51,Q34_R85,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Any good IT companies in Qatar???. I am looking for a prospective employment in Qatar. I have overall 9 years of experience in IT systems management and 6 years of that work experience has been in USA working for fortune 500 companies like Bank of America; 3M; Medtronic Inc; United Airlines; Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield; Kraft foods etc. Any help is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
582,Q34_R73,Q34_R85,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Any good IT companies in Qatar???. I am looking for a prospective employment in Qatar. I have overall 9 years of experience in IT systems management and 6 years of that work experience has been in USA working for fortune 500 companies like Bank of America; 3M; Medtronic Inc; United Airlines; Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield; Kraft foods etc. Any help is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
583,Q35_R8,Q35_R32,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Irrelevant
584,Q35_R8,Q35_R33,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Irrelevant
585,Q35_R8,Q35_R36,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Irrelevant
586,Q35_R8,Q35_R40,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Irrelevant
587,Q35_R8,Q35_R42,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
588,Q35_R8,Q35_R43,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
589,Q35_R8,Q35_R53,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
590,Q35_R8,Q35_R59,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
591,Q35_R8,Q35_R66,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
592,Q35_R32,Q35_R33,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Irrelevant
593,Q35_R32,Q35_R36,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Irrelevant
594,Q35_R32,Q35_R40,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Irrelevant
595,Q35_R32,Q35_R42,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
596,Q35_R32,Q35_R43,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
597,Q35_R32,Q35_R53,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
598,Q35_R32,Q35_R59,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
599,Q35_R32,Q35_R66,The Dream Match to Watch. Today India Pakistan Match T20 cricket world cup..... Is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in Doha????,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
600,Q35_R33,Q35_R36,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Irrelevant
601,Q35_R33,Q35_R40,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Irrelevant
602,Q35_R33,Q35_R42,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
603,Q35_R33,Q35_R43,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
604,Q35_R33,Q35_R53,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
605,Q35_R33,Q35_R59,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
606,Q35_R33,Q35_R66,To the indian community. To the Hindu community I was on a visit several years ago to the city of Bangalore in southern India. Region is very beautiful. I am a fan of Indian cuisine; especially Biryani taste was very good there ... I have tried several places here in Doha when I return .. Were not the same taste!!! Can anyone pointing me to a restaurant mastered the art of authentic Indian cuisine? Thank you,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
607,Q35_R36,Q35_R40,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Irrelevant
608,Q35_R36,Q35_R42,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
609,Q35_R36,Q35_R43,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
610,Q35_R36,Q35_R53,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
611,Q35_R36,Q35_R59,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
612,Q35_R36,Q35_R66,Champion trophy final. Asian champion trophy2012 Final Pakistan VS India Who will win?,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
613,Q35_R40,Q35_R42,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
614,Q35_R40,Q35_R43,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
615,Q35_R40,Q35_R53,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
616,Q35_R40,Q35_R59,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
617,Q35_R40,Q35_R66,Indoor Rock Climbing. Does anyone know if there's an indoor rock-climbing wall (or outdoor; for that matter) anywhere in Doha? Thanks!!,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
618,Q35_R42,Q35_R43,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Irrelevant
619,Q35_R42,Q35_R53,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
620,Q35_R42,Q35_R59,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
621,Q35_R42,Q35_R66,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
622,Q35_R43,Q35_R53,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
623,Q35_R43,Q35_R59,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
624,Q35_R43,Q35_R66,Any Gujeratis in Doha?. Hi; Does anyone know if there is a big Gujerati community here? If so; do they have an association or club? Thanks.,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
625,Q35_R53,Q35_R59,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
626,Q35_R53,Q35_R66,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
627,Q35_R59,Q35_R66,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Irrelevant
628,Q37_R49,Q37_R68,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,looking for professional Venereologist. can any one help me to find good and professional Venereologist here in Doha?,Irrelevant
629,Q37_R49,Q37_R71,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Pls suggest the best gynecologist in Qatar?. I have few complications with my health conditions and have lost 3 babies previously. I've moved to Doha a few months back and we wanted to be prepared for a future pregnancy. I have heard that Al Ahli is the best hospital here; compared to HMC; but I wanted to know which gynecologist is best for high-risk pregnancies. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
630,Q37_R68,Q37_R71,looking for professional Venereologist. can any one help me to find good and professional Venereologist here in Doha?,Pls suggest the best gynecologist in Qatar?. I have few complications with my health conditions and have lost 3 babies previously. I've moved to Doha a few months back and we wanted to be prepared for a future pregnancy. I have heard that Al Ahli is the best hospital here; compared to HMC; but I wanted to know which gynecologist is best for high-risk pregnancies. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
631,Q38_R20,Q38_R25,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Irrelevant
632,Q38_R20,Q38_R26,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
633,Q38_R20,Q38_R28,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
634,Q38_R20,Q38_R31,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
635,Q38_R20,Q38_R32,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,Irrelevant
636,Q38_R20,Q38_R37,kindergarden or babysitter. Hi all; we are a couple with a 8 months baby that want to move to Doha. We don't know nothing about the possible cost of kindergardens or a babysitter at home. Can you recomend one option or another? Do you know from where are those possible babysitter and if it is common that they live at home with us or they come every day? Many thank's,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
637,Q38_R25,Q38_R26,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
638,Q38_R25,Q38_R28,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
639,Q38_R25,Q38_R31,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
640,Q38_R25,Q38_R32,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,Irrelevant
641,Q38_R25,Q38_R37,Via Hongkong Before Coming to Doha.. Tatanong lang po kung sino man sa mga kabayan natin ang nag Hongkong muna (nag tour man o hindi) tapos pumunta ng Qatar. Ano ba ang mga tinatanong na mga reequirements ng Hongkong immigration kung papunta ka dito sa Qatar?,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
642,Q38_R26,Q38_R28,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
643,Q38_R26,Q38_R31,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
644,Q38_R26,Q38_R32,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,Irrelevant
645,Q38_R26,Q38_R37,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
646,Q38_R28,Q38_R31,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
647,Q38_R28,Q38_R32,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,Irrelevant
648,Q38_R28,Q38_R37,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
649,Q38_R31,Q38_R32,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,Irrelevant
650,Q38_R31,Q38_R37,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
651,Q38_R32,Q38_R37,Delivery in Visit visa- urgent help. if my wife is in 6 months family Visit visa under my sponsorship. 1. In this situation can my wife give birth to a child in Qatar? 2. What will be the approximate cost will be? Please give me an answer..also i dont think i will get visa for her as my salary is only 6300QR.. Should i bring her here for visit as she is now 2mnths... I am planing to bring her after 4mnths..,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
652,Q39_R12,Q39_R20,Maintaining illicit relationship. Maintaining illicit relationship. >> it’s always mention in the statement whenever a rape case is being brought up. What if; there is no rape??? Is it a case of two individuals having a non marital romantic relationship; Or; two consenting adults having an affair? In any of these cases is it sufficient ground for the authorities to put you behind bars?,Girlfriend visiting; hotel problem?. A friend of mine asked me to post this question His girlfriend is coming to visit him from the US and they wanna stay at a hotel; would it be ok for them to take a hotel room?,Irrelevant
653,Q39_R12,Q39_R26,Maintaining illicit relationship. Maintaining illicit relationship. >> it’s always mention in the statement whenever a rape case is being brought up. What if; there is no rape??? Is it a case of two individuals having a non marital romantic relationship; Or; two consenting adults having an affair? In any of these cases is it sufficient ground for the authorities to put you behind bars?,how can i tell him that i want to marry him??. (◕‿-) who cares (◡‿◡✿),Irrelevant
654,Q39_R20,Q39_R26,Girlfriend visiting; hotel problem?. A friend of mine asked me to post this question His girlfriend is coming to visit him from the US and they wanna stay at a hotel; would it be ok for them to take a hotel room?,how can i tell him that i want to marry him??. (◕‿-) who cares (◡‿◡✿),Irrelevant
655,Q40_R5,Q40_R14,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
656,Q40_R5,Q40_R19,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Irrelevant
657,Q40_R5,Q40_R23,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
658,Q40_R5,Q40_R32,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Irrelevant
659,Q40_R5,Q40_R35,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Irrelevant
660,Q40_R5,Q40_R37,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
661,Q40_R5,Q40_R41,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
662,Q40_R5,Q40_R54,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
663,Q40_R14,Q40_R19,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Irrelevant
664,Q40_R14,Q40_R23,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
665,Q40_R14,Q40_R32,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Irrelevant
666,Q40_R14,Q40_R35,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Irrelevant
667,Q40_R14,Q40_R37,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
668,Q40_R14,Q40_R41,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
669,Q40_R14,Q40_R54,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
670,Q40_R19,Q40_R23,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
671,Q40_R19,Q40_R32,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Irrelevant
672,Q40_R19,Q40_R35,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Irrelevant
673,Q40_R19,Q40_R37,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
674,Q40_R19,Q40_R41,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
675,Q40_R19,Q40_R54,Schools with space ?!. We are a British family potentially moving from Dubai this summer with a 5 year old girl looking for a good school. We were recommended DESS and we are on a waiting list; are there any others that anyone would personally recommend as you have children there who love it....and most importantly what chance do we have of getting her in ?! If you could let me know what the fees are per term that would also be great ! Thanks.,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
676,Q40_R23,Q40_R32,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Irrelevant
677,Q40_R23,Q40_R35,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Irrelevant
678,Q40_R23,Q40_R37,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
679,Q40_R23,Q40_R41,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
680,Q40_R23,Q40_R54,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
681,Q40_R32,Q40_R35,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Irrelevant
682,Q40_R32,Q40_R37,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
683,Q40_R32,Q40_R41,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
684,Q40_R32,Q40_R54,which driving school is best in doha?. can anybody suggest me?,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
685,Q40_R35,Q40_R37,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
686,Q40_R35,Q40_R41,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
687,Q40_R35,Q40_R54,Affordable English School for FILIPINO. Hi!! What english school is affordable for Filipino kid? were starting to find a english school for my son he is 4 years old. advise please.............,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
688,Q40_R37,Q40_R41,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,Irrelevant
689,Q40_R37,Q40_R54,Primary education. Our daughter is currently in year 5 (9 to 10 years old). My husband has potentially got a job starting in September. Is it possible to get our daughter into a school to start in September; at the beginning of year 6? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
690,Q40_R41,Q40_R54,Barwa Village living. Hi Everyone; My husband is currently in Doha working. We are due to follow very shortly. We are going to be living in Barwa Village. Can anyone tell me what its like? We have 3 children. Two will attend the Doha British School. Basically whats family life like in Barwa. Are there any food shops? Resturants? Any advice would be gratefully recieved. Many thanks,I want to know some information about Mesaieed. I am going to work in Mesaieed... Does anyone know anything about living in Mesaieed ? Transportation in Mesaieed? Activities to be done in Mesaieed? Is it a real city or just industrial zone? Does i have to buy a car?,Irrelevant
691,Q41_R19,Q41_R24,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,Irrelevant
692,Q41_R19,Q41_R41,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,how long will it take for the release of working visa?. i am waiting for my working visa from hamad.. does anyone here has an experience like this? please help me!,Irrelevant
693,Q41_R24,Q41_R41,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,how long will it take for the release of working visa?. i am waiting for my working visa from hamad.. does anyone here has an experience like this? please help me!,Irrelevant
694,Q42_R1,Q42_R12,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Yellow sticker on my car. I got a yellow sticker attached to my driver side window of the car. It happened yesterday. Dont know what to do. It is written in Arabic. I have checked the Hukoomi side for traffic violation. There is no traffic violation or may be it is too early to check on the web site. What should I do? Appreciate your help.,Irrelevant
695,Q42_R1,Q42_R14,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
696,Q42_R1,Q42_R31,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Ok.. Now please tell me that this is not FAIR??. I got a message that i have a fine of 200 QR for talking on the phone in dafna area; Enno COME ON!!; how do they fine people without giving them tickets; Maybe i was driving and placed my hand on my head but i was not talking on the phone (LOL) ; really is this fair?? 200 QR; thats too much; and my collegues had the same fine in the same area.. Now how does this work??,Irrelevant
697,Q42_R1,Q42_R32,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Paid parking at City Center. Been hearing that City Center is to implement paid parking from July 1 onwards. Anyone have more details? From what I saw; everything seems to be in place; the ticket dispensers; the payment machines and all.,Irrelevant
698,Q42_R12,Q42_R14,Yellow sticker on my car. I got a yellow sticker attached to my driver side window of the car. It happened yesterday. Dont know what to do. It is written in Arabic. I have checked the Hukoomi side for traffic violation. There is no traffic violation or may be it is too early to check on the web site. What should I do? Appreciate your help.,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
699,Q42_R12,Q42_R31,Yellow sticker on my car. I got a yellow sticker attached to my driver side window of the car. It happened yesterday. Dont know what to do. It is written in Arabic. I have checked the Hukoomi side for traffic violation. There is no traffic violation or may be it is too early to check on the web site. What should I do? Appreciate your help.,Ok.. Now please tell me that this is not FAIR??. I got a message that i have a fine of 200 QR for talking on the phone in dafna area; Enno COME ON!!; how do they fine people without giving them tickets; Maybe i was driving and placed my hand on my head but i was not talking on the phone (LOL) ; really is this fair?? 200 QR; thats too much; and my collegues had the same fine in the same area.. Now how does this work??,Irrelevant
700,Q42_R12,Q42_R32,Yellow sticker on my car. I got a yellow sticker attached to my driver side window of the car. It happened yesterday. Dont know what to do. It is written in Arabic. I have checked the Hukoomi side for traffic violation. There is no traffic violation or may be it is too early to check on the web site. What should I do? Appreciate your help.,Paid parking at City Center. Been hearing that City Center is to implement paid parking from July 1 onwards. Anyone have more details? From what I saw; everything seems to be in place; the ticket dispensers; the payment machines and all.,Irrelevant
701,Q42_R14,Q42_R31,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Ok.. Now please tell me that this is not FAIR??. I got a message that i have a fine of 200 QR for talking on the phone in dafna area; Enno COME ON!!; how do they fine people without giving them tickets; Maybe i was driving and placed my hand on my head but i was not talking on the phone (LOL) ; really is this fair?? 200 QR; thats too much; and my collegues had the same fine in the same area.. Now how does this work??,Irrelevant
702,Q42_R14,Q42_R32,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Paid parking at City Center. Been hearing that City Center is to implement paid parking from July 1 onwards. Anyone have more details? From what I saw; everything seems to be in place; the ticket dispensers; the payment machines and all.,Irrelevant
703,Q42_R31,Q42_R32,Ok.. Now please tell me that this is not FAIR??. I got a message that i have a fine of 200 QR for talking on the phone in dafna area; Enno COME ON!!; how do they fine people without giving them tickets; Maybe i was driving and placed my hand on my head but i was not talking on the phone (LOL) ; really is this fair?? 200 QR; thats too much; and my collegues had the same fine in the same area.. Now how does this work??,Paid parking at City Center. Been hearing that City Center is to implement paid parking from July 1 onwards. Anyone have more details? From what I saw; everything seems to be in place; the ticket dispensers; the payment machines and all.,Irrelevant
704,Q43_R29,Q43_R34,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
705,Q43_R29,Q43_R56,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,info about Qatar Academy. I am going in January to submit an application for my daughter to enroll next fall in the secondary school. I know they have a good image; but I would like any inside comments from parents; staff; students. How are the curriculum; administration; teachers; student body; anything else relevant? Does anyone NOT recommend going there?,Irrelevant
706,Q43_R34,Q43_R56,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,info about Qatar Academy. I am going in January to submit an application for my daughter to enroll next fall in the secondary school. I know they have a good image; but I would like any inside comments from parents; staff; students. How are the curriculum; administration; teachers; student body; anything else relevant? Does anyone NOT recommend going there?,Irrelevant
707,Q44_R34,Q44_R53,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
708,Q44_R34,Q44_R57,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
709,Q44_R53,Q44_R57,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
710,Q45_R1,Q45_R2,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
711,Q45_R1,Q45_R3,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,Irrelevant
712,Q45_R1,Q45_R4,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
713,Q45_R1,Q45_R9,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Irrelevant
714,Q45_R1,Q45_R14,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Irrelevant
715,Q45_R1,Q45_R25,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
716,Q45_R1,Q45_R26,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
717,Q45_R1,Q45_R29,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
718,Q45_R1,Q45_R40,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
719,Q45_R2,Q45_R3,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,Irrelevant
720,Q45_R2,Q45_R4,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
721,Q45_R2,Q45_R9,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Irrelevant
722,Q45_R2,Q45_R14,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Irrelevant
723,Q45_R2,Q45_R25,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
724,Q45_R2,Q45_R26,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
725,Q45_R2,Q45_R29,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
726,Q45_R2,Q45_R40,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
727,Q45_R3,Q45_R4,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
728,Q45_R3,Q45_R9,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Irrelevant
729,Q45_R3,Q45_R14,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Irrelevant
730,Q45_R3,Q45_R25,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
731,Q45_R3,Q45_R26,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
732,Q45_R3,Q45_R29,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
733,Q45_R3,Q45_R40,International School of London in doha?. there was an article in da paper about a new school opening named ISL (International School Of London) in Duhail area.  Does anyone know how good dis school is ??,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
734,Q45_R4,Q45_R9,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Irrelevant
735,Q45_R4,Q45_R14,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Irrelevant
736,Q45_R4,Q45_R25,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
737,Q45_R4,Q45_R26,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
738,Q45_R4,Q45_R29,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
739,Q45_R4,Q45_R40,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
740,Q45_R9,Q45_R14,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Irrelevant
741,Q45_R9,Q45_R25,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
742,Q45_R9,Q45_R26,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
743,Q45_R9,Q45_R29,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
744,Q45_R9,Q45_R40,Who should I call? my dad beat me up. I need help; I'm very depressed right now :( He beat me up; punch me and kick me.,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
745,Q45_R14,Q45_R25,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
746,Q45_R14,Q45_R26,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
747,Q45_R14,Q45_R29,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
748,Q45_R14,Q45_R40,long drives?. being in doha; which side one should go for long drives (with good roads; less cameras and no police  ?,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
749,Q45_R25,Q45_R26,International School of London. Comments anyone?,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
750,Q45_R25,Q45_R29,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
751,Q45_R25,Q45_R40,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
752,Q45_R26,Q45_R29,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Irrelevant
753,Q45_R26,Q45_R40,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
754,Q45_R29,Q45_R40,Big-time doubt-Ladies only!. okay girls....this is a doubt that has been bugging me since quite some time.i've been using this particular shampoo since a few months.it promises to give health and shine to hair.but there are other shampoos which give bounce;strength;volume;etc.is it okay if i mix a couple of shampoos and use?i asked one of my friends and she says it's not advisable.... what do y'all think?,Favourite Dish/Favourite Restaurant. Hi QLers; Weekend is round the corner. Let's try something new. What is your favourite dish from which restaurant in Qatar?,Irrelevant
755,Q46_R23,Q46_R28,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Car Insurance costs??. Hi all; What is the average cost for a full coverage car insurance per month? Thanks,Irrelevant
756,Q46_R23,Q46_R31,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
757,Q46_R28,Q46_R31,Car Insurance costs??. Hi all; What is the average cost for a full coverage car insurance per month? Thanks,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
758,Q47_R9,Q47_R12,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
759,Q47_R9,Q47_R13,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Irrelevant
760,Q47_R9,Q47_R24,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
761,Q47_R9,Q47_R26,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Irrelevant
762,Q47_R9,Q47_R27,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Irrelevant
763,Q47_R9,Q47_R31,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
764,Q47_R9,Q47_R45,Tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of being single and alone in Doha. I'm tired of hearing that Doha is a family place. I'm tired of being surrounded by couples and families. I'm really tired of it all. Where are the singles in Doha? I really could do with some single people to go out with from time to time.,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
765,Q47_R12,Q47_R13,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Irrelevant
766,Q47_R12,Q47_R24,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
767,Q47_R12,Q47_R26,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Irrelevant
768,Q47_R12,Q47_R27,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Irrelevant
769,Q47_R12,Q47_R31,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
770,Q47_R12,Q47_R45,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
771,Q47_R13,Q47_R24,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
772,Q47_R13,Q47_R26,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Irrelevant
773,Q47_R13,Q47_R27,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Irrelevant
774,Q47_R13,Q47_R31,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
775,Q47_R13,Q47_R45,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
776,Q47_R24,Q47_R26,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Irrelevant
777,Q47_R24,Q47_R27,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Irrelevant
778,Q47_R24,Q47_R31,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
779,Q47_R24,Q47_R45,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
780,Q47_R26,Q47_R27,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Irrelevant
781,Q47_R26,Q47_R31,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
782,Q47_R26,Q47_R45,Stay at home moms. Hey there.. I had a work vs stay at home dilemma that ended up staying at home as a final decision as my son is only 4.5 months old and maybe will go back to work once he is older. Are there any other girls that stay at home? Would like to meet all of you!! Where are you from? How old are you? Do you have kids? How many? Their age? How long have u been in Doha? What do you do to keep urself busy and entertained? Any special place you go to often?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
783,Q47_R27,Q47_R31,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Irrelevant
784,Q47_R27,Q47_R45,Arrested in Ramada Car Park. A word of warning people - a young British guy and his British girlfriend were leaving the Ramada on Thursday night; they were holding hands and kissed goodnight. They were promptly arrested and spent the night in jail. Don't know if they're out yet or not. Now I don't know what type of kiss it was - peck on the cheek; lingering; full-on tonsil tugging; whatever - BUT just be careful out there; OK?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
785,Q47_R31,Q47_R45,What do you think of Qataris?. hey guys hello im new to this forum and i just want to start a good topic as most of you here are ex patriates i want to ask what you think about Qataris as a whole group please be sincere but not offensive and thank you,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
786,Q48_R15,Q48_R19,Eating/Drinking in private compound??. Can I eat and drink by my pool in my compound? Or is this not a good idea??,Bodybuilding&Fitness Food Supplements. Hi Everybody.!! Can anyone advice me with a info please? Am new in Qatar;planning to start my Gym classes-Bodybuilding and searching for a Bodybuilding&Fitness Sport Shop;urgently looking for a food supplements like Amino Acids;Proteins and this kinda stuff. Do anyone know if there is a Sport supplements shops in Qatar.? Thanks to everyone!!!!!,Irrelevant
787,Q48_R15,Q48_R20,Eating/Drinking in private compound??. Can I eat and drink by my pool in my compound? Or is this not a good idea??,Weekend!!!! :D. Hi guyzzz (both) Weekend weekend....i'm here in PP about to go for a movie. What about u guy in doha any plan?? ;),Irrelevant
788,Q48_R15,Q48_R28,Eating/Drinking in private compound??. Can I eat and drink by my pool in my compound? Or is this not a good idea??,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Irrelevant
789,Q48_R15,Q48_R29,Eating/Drinking in private compound??. Can I eat and drink by my pool in my compound? Or is this not a good idea??,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Irrelevant
790,Q48_R15,Q48_R37,Eating/Drinking in private compound??. Can I eat and drink by my pool in my compound? Or is this not a good idea??,Gym on D-Ring that allows women. Ok; since it appears that Gold's Gym only caters to desperate housewives (i.e. women are only allowed from 7 am till 12 pm; I mean WTF? Sorry I'm at work) Are there any other gyms that cater to women on D-Ring; or are we just expected to sit at home and pop out babies?,Irrelevant
791,Q48_R19,Q48_R20,Bodybuilding&Fitness Food Supplements. Hi Everybody.!! Can anyone advice me with a info please? Am new in Qatar;planning to start my Gym classes-Bodybuilding and searching for a Bodybuilding&Fitness Sport Shop;urgently looking for a food supplements like Amino Acids;Proteins and this kinda stuff. Do anyone know if there is a Sport supplements shops in Qatar.? Thanks to everyone!!!!!,Weekend!!!! :D. Hi guyzzz (both) Weekend weekend....i'm here in PP about to go for a movie. What about u guy in doha any plan?? ;),Irrelevant
792,Q48_R19,Q48_R28,Bodybuilding&Fitness Food Supplements. Hi Everybody.!! Can anyone advice me with a info please? Am new in Qatar;planning to start my Gym classes-Bodybuilding and searching for a Bodybuilding&Fitness Sport Shop;urgently looking for a food supplements like Amino Acids;Proteins and this kinda stuff. Do anyone know if there is a Sport supplements shops in Qatar.? Thanks to everyone!!!!!,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Irrelevant
793,Q48_R19,Q48_R29,Bodybuilding&Fitness Food Supplements. Hi Everybody.!! Can anyone advice me with a info please? Am new in Qatar;planning to start my Gym classes-Bodybuilding and searching for a Bodybuilding&Fitness Sport Shop;urgently looking for a food supplements like Amino Acids;Proteins and this kinda stuff. Do anyone know if there is a Sport supplements shops in Qatar.? Thanks to everyone!!!!!,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Irrelevant
794,Q48_R19,Q48_R37,Bodybuilding&Fitness Food Supplements. Hi Everybody.!! Can anyone advice me with a info please? Am new in Qatar;planning to start my Gym classes-Bodybuilding and searching for a Bodybuilding&Fitness Sport Shop;urgently looking for a food supplements like Amino Acids;Proteins and this kinda stuff. Do anyone know if there is a Sport supplements shops in Qatar.? Thanks to everyone!!!!!,Gym on D-Ring that allows women. Ok; since it appears that Gold's Gym only caters to desperate housewives (i.e. women are only allowed from 7 am till 12 pm; I mean WTF? Sorry I'm at work) Are there any other gyms that cater to women on D-Ring; or are we just expected to sit at home and pop out babies?,Irrelevant
795,Q48_R20,Q48_R28,Weekend!!!! :D. Hi guyzzz (both) Weekend weekend....i'm here in PP about to go for a movie. What about u guy in doha any plan?? ;),what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Irrelevant
796,Q48_R20,Q48_R29,Weekend!!!! :D. Hi guyzzz (both) Weekend weekend....i'm here in PP about to go for a movie. What about u guy in doha any plan?? ;),BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Irrelevant
797,Q48_R20,Q48_R37,Weekend!!!! :D. Hi guyzzz (both) Weekend weekend....i'm here in PP about to go for a movie. What about u guy in doha any plan?? ;),Gym on D-Ring that allows women. Ok; since it appears that Gold's Gym only caters to desperate housewives (i.e. women are only allowed from 7 am till 12 pm; I mean WTF? Sorry I'm at work) Are there any other gyms that cater to women on D-Ring; or are we just expected to sit at home and pop out babies?,Irrelevant
798,Q48_R28,Q48_R29,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Irrelevant
799,Q48_R28,Q48_R37,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Gym on D-Ring that allows women. Ok; since it appears that Gold's Gym only caters to desperate housewives (i.e. women are only allowed from 7 am till 12 pm; I mean WTF? Sorry I'm at work) Are there any other gyms that cater to women on D-Ring; or are we just expected to sit at home and pop out babies?,Irrelevant
800,Q48_R29,Q48_R37,BOXING FITNESS GYM. Does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar? Im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight.. And I NEED to lose weight.. I was diagnosed of Polycystic Ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down.. If anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers Boxing please tell me. that would be a great help..Thanks!,Gym on D-Ring that allows women. Ok; since it appears that Gold's Gym only caters to desperate housewives (i.e. women are only allowed from 7 am till 12 pm; I mean WTF? Sorry I'm at work) Are there any other gyms that cater to women on D-Ring; or are we just expected to sit at home and pop out babies?,Irrelevant
801,Q50_R1,Q50_R22,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,Irrelevant
802,Q50_R1,Q50_R26,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,Irrelevant
803,Q50_R1,Q50_R35,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
804,Q50_R1,Q50_R43,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,Irrelevant
805,Q50_R1,Q50_R51,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
806,Q50_R1,Q50_R65,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
807,Q50_R1,Q50_R69,Father and mother are on work visa; how about the baby then?. My wife and myself are on work visa. My wife is expecting now. Will there be any visa issues for the baby? What visa would the baby be?,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
808,Q50_R22,Q50_R26,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,Irrelevant
809,Q50_R22,Q50_R35,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
810,Q50_R22,Q50_R43,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,Irrelevant
811,Q50_R22,Q50_R51,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
812,Q50_R22,Q50_R65,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
813,Q50_R22,Q50_R69,Can i deliver a baby in qatar under father's sponsership?. im married & i have my marriage certificate.will there be any problems??,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
814,Q50_R26,Q50_R35,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
815,Q50_R26,Q50_R43,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,Irrelevant
816,Q50_R26,Q50_R51,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
817,Q50_R26,Q50_R65,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
818,Q50_R26,Q50_R69,Which Visa is better for my wife?. Can anyone plz tel me; which visa is better for my wife? She got a job here and they can provide visa. But i'm bit confused. So tel me which visa is better; under my sponsorship or her company sponsorship?,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
819,Q50_R35,Q50_R43,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,Irrelevant
820,Q50_R35,Q50_R51,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
821,Q50_R35,Q50_R65,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
822,Q50_R35,Q50_R69,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
823,Q50_R43,Q50_R51,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
824,Q50_R43,Q50_R65,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
825,Q50_R43,Q50_R69,Can a Lady get Liquor License?. Quick question: Can a lady who is under her fathers sponsorship get a liquor license? She is working and meets the salary requirements and not muslim; any clues anyone? If yes what are the procedures? same as men? if NO then have a good day visit again ;) lol,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
826,Q50_R51,Q50_R65,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,Irrelevant
827,Q50_R51,Q50_R69,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
828,Q50_R65,Q50_R69,Transfer to Husband Sponsorship. Can anyone advise me what to do? I want to transfer to my husband's sponsorship. Problem is; he is just earning QR6K a month. My present company will provide me the NOC. I already received some job offers but they are looking for someone under husband sponsorship. Would appreciate your immediate response.,I am a holder of Qatar RP Now I am in India wid my husband. Can I enter Qatar wid my RP?. ,Irrelevant
829,Q51_R14,Q51_R17,Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ??. Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ?? My AC is working fine but look like its not cooling much during the day time ( I know during the day it will take time for cooling and its less than evening time but I have seen other cars AC are much better than mine :( Car: Nissan xTerra,Looking for a good garage. I am looking for a good garage to change my engine oil seal as it was reported by one of the mechanic during vehicle servicing that the oil seal is slight broken and little oil is leaking and recommended me to change it. But i have no idea where can i take my car for this as one of the mechanic said it will take whole day. Can some1 suggest a good garage for Mitsubishi lancer on whom i can rely ?,Irrelevant
830,Q51_R14,Q51_R28,Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ??. Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ?? My AC is working fine but look like its not cooling much during the day time ( I know during the day it will take time for cooling and its less than evening time but I have seen other cars AC are much better than mine :( Car: Nissan xTerra,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
831,Q51_R14,Q51_R41,Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ??. Any good place for Car AC checking / Cleaning / Service ?? My AC is working fine but look like its not cooling much during the day time ( I know during the day it will take time for cooling and its less than evening time but I have seen other cars AC are much better than mine :( Car: Nissan xTerra,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
832,Q51_R17,Q51_R28,Looking for a good garage. I am looking for a good garage to change my engine oil seal as it was reported by one of the mechanic during vehicle servicing that the oil seal is slight broken and little oil is leaking and recommended me to change it. But i have no idea where can i take my car for this as one of the mechanic said it will take whole day. Can some1 suggest a good garage for Mitsubishi lancer on whom i can rely ?,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
833,Q51_R17,Q51_R41,Looking for a good garage. I am looking for a good garage to change my engine oil seal as it was reported by one of the mechanic during vehicle servicing that the oil seal is slight broken and little oil is leaking and recommended me to change it. But i have no idea where can i take my car for this as one of the mechanic said it will take whole day. Can some1 suggest a good garage for Mitsubishi lancer on whom i can rely ?,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
834,Q51_R28,Q51_R41,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
835,Q52_R18,Q52_R19,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Irrelevant
836,Q52_R18,Q52_R29,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,Irrelevant
837,Q52_R18,Q52_R34,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,Irrelevant
838,Q52_R18,Q52_R38,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
839,Q52_R18,Q52_R43,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,Irrelevant
840,Q52_R18,Q52_R45,your favorite travel agent?. greetings for an amazing day..... :) could u plz tell me about ur choice of travel agency? and y? heard of alqyed travels?.......plz comment about service and customer satisfaction......heard they are good with their service and have got some well experienced staff. thank u for ur time good day,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
841,Q52_R19,Q52_R29,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,Irrelevant
842,Q52_R19,Q52_R34,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,Irrelevant
843,Q52_R19,Q52_R38,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
844,Q52_R19,Q52_R43,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,Irrelevant
845,Q52_R19,Q52_R45,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
846,Q52_R29,Q52_R34,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,Irrelevant
847,Q52_R29,Q52_R38,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
848,Q52_R29,Q52_R43,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,Irrelevant
849,Q52_R29,Q52_R45,Senior Project Manager - Help?. Hi guys; I'm hoping that somebody can give me some advice. My husband is in talks with a company about a Senior Project Manager role. The sector is construction. We literally have no idea what we should be asking for regarding salary; housing etc. Could anybody help us and give us a few ideas? Many thanks x,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
850,Q52_R34,Q52_R38,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
851,Q52_R34,Q52_R43,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,Irrelevant
852,Q52_R34,Q52_R45,hypnosis. Does anyone know where can I do hypnosis here in Doha ??????,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
853,Q52_R38,Q52_R43,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,Irrelevant
854,Q52_R38,Q52_R45,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
855,Q52_R43,Q52_R45,moroccan waiting for visa with qatar airways. hello every one; i open this forum for moroccans who are waiting for thier visa after signing the offer letter ; and to know the last news ; thanks to share with us your information. for me i signed mine last fifteen of november and i do have to wait ; any one have the same situation?,is Carrefour Selling fake product..?. Yesterday night I brought some tools from the biggest and well known hypermarket (Carrefour-Villagio). for very urgent maintanace in my house; but after reaching home I realise it is incomplete paking (no attachment or blades on Cutter; and no bits in drill)...today morning I am approching them(I think they open only after 9AM)..I will let you all what is there responce wait till that;;;;and Hope they will consider me for lossing my time and money.,Irrelevant
856,Q53_R8,Q53_R11,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
857,Q53_R8,Q53_R18,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
858,Q53_R8,Q53_R32,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
859,Q53_R8,Q53_R35,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
860,Q53_R8,Q53_R38,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Irrelevant
861,Q53_R8,Q53_R41,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
862,Q53_R8,Q53_R44,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
863,Q53_R8,Q53_R55,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
864,Q53_R8,Q53_R59,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
865,Q53_R11,Q53_R18,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
866,Q53_R11,Q53_R32,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
867,Q53_R11,Q53_R35,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
868,Q53_R11,Q53_R38,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Irrelevant
869,Q53_R11,Q53_R41,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
870,Q53_R11,Q53_R44,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
871,Q53_R11,Q53_R55,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
872,Q53_R11,Q53_R59,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
873,Q53_R18,Q53_R32,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Irrelevant
874,Q53_R18,Q53_R35,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
875,Q53_R18,Q53_R38,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Irrelevant
876,Q53_R18,Q53_R41,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
877,Q53_R18,Q53_R44,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
878,Q53_R18,Q53_R55,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
879,Q53_R18,Q53_R59,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
880,Q53_R32,Q53_R35,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
881,Q53_R32,Q53_R38,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Irrelevant
882,Q53_R32,Q53_R41,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
883,Q53_R32,Q53_R44,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
884,Q53_R32,Q53_R55,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
885,Q53_R32,Q53_R59,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
886,Q53_R35,Q53_R38,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Irrelevant
887,Q53_R35,Q53_R41,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
888,Q53_R35,Q53_R44,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
889,Q53_R35,Q53_R55,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
890,Q53_R35,Q53_R59,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
891,Q53_R38,Q53_R41,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
892,Q53_R38,Q53_R44,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
893,Q53_R38,Q53_R55,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
894,Q53_R38,Q53_R59,Sending Fillipino maid home for vacation. Hi - we are planning to send our maid back to Phillipines for a holiday. What do I need to do in order to ensure sje can come back? - I plan to visit the Phillipine labour office (she came through an agency but I have no contract with her so want to see if I need this done first) - Then apply for exit permit (can I do this online?) - Then I hear I need something like a re enty visa? Any one know what this is and how to get one? Thanks!,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
895,Q53_R41,Q53_R44,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Irrelevant
896,Q53_R41,Q53_R55,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
897,Q53_R41,Q53_R59,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
898,Q53_R44,Q53_R55,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Irrelevant
899,Q53_R44,Q53_R59,basic salary for Philipino miad?. I tried searching on this topic; but I falied to find an answer. What is the basic salary for a Filipino maid if I hire through an agency?,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
900,Q53_R55,Q53_R59,The new QL: Copy & Paste Newsarticles. It seems that most posts these days are copy & paste jobs of upsetting / sad / negative news from newspapers. Is this all we can come up with? Where are happy and cheerful news and posts? I miss those days...,Painting home. So; how much it should cost to paint a 3BHK house if all the washable paints are used? In 2 bedrooms the coloring man is going to use the computer mix shade (What's this). So; if you are having any kind of painting experience please share with me; with an estimate of course.,Irrelevant
901,Q54_R7,Q54_R15,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,Irrelevant
902,Q54_R7,Q54_R22,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
903,Q54_R7,Q54_R24,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,Irrelevant
904,Q54_R7,Q54_R25,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
905,Q54_R7,Q54_R28,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Irrelevant
906,Q54_R7,Q54_R44,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
907,Q54_R7,Q54_R46,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
908,Q54_R15,Q54_R22,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
909,Q54_R15,Q54_R24,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,Irrelevant
910,Q54_R15,Q54_R25,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
911,Q54_R15,Q54_R28,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Irrelevant
912,Q54_R15,Q54_R44,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
913,Q54_R15,Q54_R46,Bus from Doha to Dubai. Hi I want to travel to Dubai to meet a friend in IDD but travel by plane is expensive. Can anyone let me know if there is a bus service from Doha to Dubai. How to get a visa and what to do? Are there any tour operators who would provide a complete 4-5 days tour of Dubai that includes travel by bus; visa; cheap hotel etc.,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
914,Q54_R22,Q54_R24,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,Irrelevant
915,Q54_R22,Q54_R25,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
916,Q54_R22,Q54_R28,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Irrelevant
917,Q54_R22,Q54_R44,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
918,Q54_R22,Q54_R46,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
919,Q54_R24,Q54_R25,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
920,Q54_R24,Q54_R28,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Irrelevant
921,Q54_R24,Q54_R44,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
922,Q54_R24,Q54_R46,What does Qatar need?. What do you think Qatar needs? -More entertainment? -concerts; theatres; sporting events; casinos? -More products? -Electronics; foods; automobiles? -More infrastructure? -Better roads; parks; landmarks? I am looking for some great insight; tell me what you think and it might just happen!!,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
923,Q54_R25,Q54_R28,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Irrelevant
924,Q54_R25,Q54_R44,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
925,Q54_R25,Q54_R46,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
926,Q54_R28,Q54_R44,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Irrelevant
927,Q54_R28,Q54_R46,Can I Enter Qatar if Blacklisted in UAE???. I have got a Visit Visa from Qatar; but now I heard from a friend of mine that if I have a Ban in UAE then I cannot enter Qatar. I was working in UAE and was fired during the crisis period; so I had to flee the Country without clearing my Credit Cards and Bank Loan debts. So naturally the Banks will go to court. Now if I wish to travel to Qatar; will it be possible? Waiting for your valuable comments............,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
928,Q54_R44,Q54_R46,From Abu Dhabi to Dubai. I would like to ask if anyone knows how much is the travel time from Abu Dhabi to Dubai by car. I heard one hour; then I was told it's 4-5 hours; so I would like to know from those who have been there. And is there too much traffic in Abu Dhabi as well?,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
929,Q56_R4,Q56_R25,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Is this a good job offer?. hi; A friend of mine has been offered a position in Doha with a broadcasting company. He has a family with one child. They have offered him the following: 15000 Riyals p/m 3 bed villa - furnished Education Medical Family Flight home (one per year) Do you think this is a good oppurtunity for them to move out to Doha and will they be able to save much? Thanks,Irrelevant
930,Q56_R4,Q56_R39,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Can a Hepatitis carrier work in Qatar?. I have a good job oppotunity in Qatar; but I'm a Hepatits B carrier; can I get the visa and RP? The job is a solar energy industry; and my company is a German company; and company want to send me to Qatar as a delegation to provide technical service to a Qatar company. And my condition is: Liver function is normal. 1.HBsAg is + 2.HBsAb is - 3.HBeAg is - 4.HBeAb is - 5.HBcAb is + And virous DNA is below the lower limited;is negative. Thanks.,Irrelevant
931,Q56_R4,Q56_R40,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
932,Q56_R4,Q56_R41,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
933,Q56_R4,Q56_R55,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
934,Q56_R25,Q56_R39,Is this a good job offer?. hi; A friend of mine has been offered a position in Doha with a broadcasting company. He has a family with one child. They have offered him the following: 15000 Riyals p/m 3 bed villa - furnished Education Medical Family Flight home (one per year) Do you think this is a good oppurtunity for them to move out to Doha and will they be able to save much? Thanks,Can a Hepatitis carrier work in Qatar?. I have a good job oppotunity in Qatar; but I'm a Hepatits B carrier; can I get the visa and RP? The job is a solar energy industry; and my company is a German company; and company want to send me to Qatar as a delegation to provide technical service to a Qatar company. And my condition is: Liver function is normal. 1.HBsAg is + 2.HBsAb is - 3.HBeAg is - 4.HBeAb is - 5.HBcAb is + And virous DNA is below the lower limited;is negative. Thanks.,Irrelevant
935,Q56_R25,Q56_R40,Is this a good job offer?. hi; A friend of mine has been offered a position in Doha with a broadcasting company. He has a family with one child. They have offered him the following: 15000 Riyals p/m 3 bed villa - furnished Education Medical Family Flight home (one per year) Do you think this is a good oppurtunity for them to move out to Doha and will they be able to save much? Thanks,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
936,Q56_R25,Q56_R41,Is this a good job offer?. hi; A friend of mine has been offered a position in Doha with a broadcasting company. He has a family with one child. They have offered him the following: 15000 Riyals p/m 3 bed villa - furnished Education Medical Family Flight home (one per year) Do you think this is a good oppurtunity for them to move out to Doha and will they be able to save much? Thanks,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
937,Q56_R25,Q56_R55,Is this a good job offer?. hi; A friend of mine has been offered a position in Doha with a broadcasting company. He has a family with one child. They have offered him the following: 15000 Riyals p/m 3 bed villa - furnished Education Medical Family Flight home (one per year) Do you think this is a good oppurtunity for them to move out to Doha and will they be able to save much? Thanks,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
938,Q56_R39,Q56_R40,Can a Hepatitis carrier work in Qatar?. I have a good job oppotunity in Qatar; but I'm a Hepatits B carrier; can I get the visa and RP? The job is a solar energy industry; and my company is a German company; and company want to send me to Qatar as a delegation to provide technical service to a Qatar company. And my condition is: Liver function is normal. 1.HBsAg is + 2.HBsAb is - 3.HBeAg is - 4.HBeAb is - 5.HBcAb is + And virous DNA is below the lower limited;is negative. Thanks.,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Irrelevant
939,Q56_R39,Q56_R41,Can a Hepatitis carrier work in Qatar?. I have a good job oppotunity in Qatar; but I'm a Hepatits B carrier; can I get the visa and RP? The job is a solar energy industry; and my company is a German company; and company want to send me to Qatar as a delegation to provide technical service to a Qatar company. And my condition is: Liver function is normal. 1.HBsAg is + 2.HBsAb is - 3.HBeAg is - 4.HBeAb is - 5.HBcAb is + And virous DNA is below the lower limited;is negative. Thanks.,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
940,Q56_R39,Q56_R55,Can a Hepatitis carrier work in Qatar?. I have a good job oppotunity in Qatar; but I'm a Hepatits B carrier; can I get the visa and RP? The job is a solar energy industry; and my company is a German company; and company want to send me to Qatar as a delegation to provide technical service to a Qatar company. And my condition is: Liver function is normal. 1.HBsAg is + 2.HBsAb is - 3.HBeAg is - 4.HBeAb is - 5.HBcAb is + And virous DNA is below the lower limited;is negative. Thanks.,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
941,Q56_R40,Q56_R41,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
942,Q56_R40,Q56_R55,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
943,Q56_R41,Q56_R55,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,IS ALFARDAN GROUP OF COMPANIES IN DOHA QATAR A GOOD EMPLOYER?. ANYONE KNOWS THIS COMPANIES? THEY ARE ENGAGE IN MARINE; REAL ESTATE; JEWELRY; CAR DEALERSHIP; EXCHANGE. IS IT WORTH TO WORK IN THEIR COMPANY?,Irrelevant
944,Q57_R7,Q57_R40,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Irrelevant
945,Q57_R7,Q57_R53,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Irrelevant
946,Q57_R7,Q57_R65,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Irrelevant
947,Q57_R7,Q57_R70,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Irrelevant
948,Q57_R7,Q57_R71,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
949,Q57_R7,Q57_R73,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
950,Q57_R7,Q57_R75,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
951,Q57_R7,Q57_R76,which is the best day n night cream?. As I'm very new to the city i find the whether dries up my skin.Anybody please suggest me a good one that retains my skin's moisture I've gt a normal skin.I dnt prefer any local ones.,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
952,Q57_R40,Q57_R53,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Irrelevant
953,Q57_R40,Q57_R65,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Irrelevant
954,Q57_R40,Q57_R70,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Irrelevant
955,Q57_R40,Q57_R71,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
956,Q57_R40,Q57_R73,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
957,Q57_R40,Q57_R75,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
958,Q57_R40,Q57_R76,Good night dear QLers :-D. Wish you all a good night and sweet dreams.,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
959,Q57_R53,Q57_R65,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Irrelevant
960,Q57_R53,Q57_R70,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Irrelevant
961,Q57_R53,Q57_R71,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
962,Q57_R53,Q57_R73,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
963,Q57_R53,Q57_R75,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
964,Q57_R53,Q57_R76,Calling all the night owls. QL is way too quiet! Is anyone awake out there ?,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
965,Q57_R65,Q57_R70,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Irrelevant
966,Q57_R65,Q57_R71,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
967,Q57_R65,Q57_R73,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
968,Q57_R65,Q57_R75,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
969,Q57_R65,Q57_R76,Qatar; Cold This Saturday Night. http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2162 Wrap up warm this weekend; 2 degrees according to this link (BBC) at 6pm today.,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
970,Q57_R70,Q57_R71,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
971,Q57_R70,Q57_R73,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
972,Q57_R70,Q57_R75,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
973,Q57_R70,Q57_R76,Photo walk in Doha?. Are there any groups of photographers arranging photo walks here in Doha? Although its getting hotter these days and would be difficult to do it in the day time... but still.. is there anyone out there??,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
974,Q57_R71,Q57_R73,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Irrelevant
975,Q57_R71,Q57_R75,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
976,Q57_R71,Q57_R76,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
977,Q57_R73,Q57_R75,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Irrelevant
978,Q57_R73,Q57_R76,When Does Good Afternoon Become Good Evening?. think harder..,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
979,Q57_R75,Q57_R76,Good Morning friends....!. Hi; Good Morning guys have a nice day... how was your weekend? how are you all? May joy & Happiness accompany you throughout day & Night....,Daytime or Nightime Workout/Exercise?. Which works best for you; a daytime or nightime workout/exercise. Being a sleepy head its hard for me to wake up earlier. But in the evening i go home past 9p due to work schedule. But as medical advice I need to do some workouts. So I have to choose either in the morning or evening. Any advice?,Irrelevant
980,Q58_R19,Q58_R37,British Schools - Dilemma. Dilemma!! We are coming to Doha end of December and still have not secured schools for both my Children (5 yrs and 7 yrs old). We managed to secure 1 seat at DESS and they informed us that the younger is on a sibling waiting list. With this term coming to an end I am eager to secure a second place and currently looking elsewhere. Do you have any ideas for good British schools in Doha so I can have both children together?,BEST PRIMARY SCHOOL IN DOHA. Hello; Can someone please let me know the best schools on Doha? I am a little worried; my son is 2 and want him to start preschool when he is 3; thus i am starting to look. I really had interest in sending him to Qatar Academy; but just found out that admissions is closed for non-qataris. I am a little upset. But can someone please tell me what my options are. Thanks; Tanu,Irrelevant
981,Q58_R19,Q58_R56,British Schools - Dilemma. Dilemma!! We are coming to Doha end of December and still have not secured schools for both my Children (5 yrs and 7 yrs old). We managed to secure 1 seat at DESS and they informed us that the younger is on a sibling waiting list. With this term coming to an end I am eager to secure a second place and currently looking elsewhere. Do you have any ideas for good British schools in Doha so I can have both children together?,Boarding school or Doha. Good evening ladies and Gentlemen; I might move to Doha by the end of the year. At the moment I am looking at both posibilities. From various posts I learned that it will be very difficult to get my daughter into DESS or the Doha Colege. She is 14; nearly 15 and is currently in 3rd year in Ireland. What would be the approximate cost for both schools and does someone know how long the waiting lists are? cheers Brain,Irrelevant
982,Q58_R37,Q58_R56,BEST PRIMARY SCHOOL IN DOHA. Hello; Can someone please let me know the best schools on Doha? I am a little worried; my son is 2 and want him to start preschool when he is 3; thus i am starting to look. I really had interest in sending him to Qatar Academy; but just found out that admissions is closed for non-qataris. I am a little upset. But can someone please tell me what my options are. Thanks; Tanu,Boarding school or Doha. Good evening ladies and Gentlemen; I might move to Doha by the end of the year. At the moment I am looking at both posibilities. From various posts I learned that it will be very difficult to get my daughter into DESS or the Doha Colege. She is 14; nearly 15 and is currently in 3rd year in Ireland. What would be the approximate cost for both schools and does someone know how long the waiting lists are? cheers Brain,Irrelevant
983,Q59_R28,Q59_R32,6000 QR Salary. Hello everyone; I have got an offer for 6000QR salary/month in a company in qatar for Graduate Engineer position. Is this salary sufficient? I have been provided shared accommodation and transport by the company. I think i have to spend for food. I'm a vegetarian. How much would be the living expenses for me. how much money i can save? Is this a decent salary for a bachelor in engineering company,5th Wedding aniversary ... any suggestions ??. Hi Guys; It's my 5th wedding anniversary today .. and I am really excited about it. I want to make it special for my wife. Any suggestions where should I take her for dinner? Some nice place with obviously good food and good ambiance ... Any suggestions will be highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
984,Q60_R8,Q60_R26,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Irrelevant
985,Q60_R8,Q60_R27,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
986,Q60_R8,Q60_R31,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Irrelevant
987,Q60_R8,Q60_R33,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
988,Q60_R8,Q60_R41,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
989,Q60_R8,Q60_R42,Looking for rent a car without passport and credit card?. Hi everybody; Could you advice me where can i rent car without giving my passport(coz i travel alot);and i dont ve credit card either. I want 2 rent a car automatic and full insurance.im new driver; gonna rent 1 st time.I dont know how can i choose. Thanks in advance,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
990,Q60_R26,Q60_R27,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
991,Q60_R26,Q60_R31,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Irrelevant
992,Q60_R26,Q60_R33,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
993,Q60_R26,Q60_R41,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
994,Q60_R26,Q60_R42,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
995,Q60_R27,Q60_R31,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Irrelevant
996,Q60_R27,Q60_R33,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
997,Q60_R27,Q60_R41,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
998,Q60_R27,Q60_R42,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
999,Q60_R31,Q60_R33,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
1000,Q60_R31,Q60_R41,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
1001,Q60_R31,Q60_R42,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
1002,Q60_R33,Q60_R41,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
1003,Q60_R33,Q60_R42,Companies holding passports of expatriates. Is it illegal for companies to hold passports of expatriates in Qatar ? If yes how can it be reported as i see most of the companies here holding the passport of their employees ? Isn't it against the labour law in Qatar ?,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
1004,Q60_R41,Q60_R42,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
1005,Q61_R2,Q61_R17,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Irrelevant
1006,Q61_R2,Q61_R25,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Irrelevant
1007,Q61_R2,Q61_R26,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Irrelevant
1008,Q61_R2,Q61_R27,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1009,Q61_R2,Q61_R29,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1010,Q61_R2,Q61_R30,delayed result of ceid clearance. Hi! I am under husband sponsor and I'm already hired in one of the semi-government companies.. I applied for Ceid last july but until now it is still pending and I don't know what is the reason of delay... Anybody here who has the same experience with me? thanx....,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1011,Q61_R17,Q61_R25,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Irrelevant
1012,Q61_R17,Q61_R26,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Irrelevant
1013,Q61_R17,Q61_R27,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1014,Q61_R17,Q61_R29,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1015,Q61_R17,Q61_R30,Adoption in Qatar. Is it possible for an expatriate couple; to legally adopt a baby in Qatar? If so; does anyone know the procedure?,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1016,Q61_R25,Q61_R26,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Irrelevant
1017,Q61_R25,Q61_R27,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1018,Q61_R25,Q61_R29,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1019,Q61_R25,Q61_R30,Qatar Construction Standards. Hello everyone; I need some help from anyone... I am trying to find a CD regarding Qatar Construction Standards or Qatar Construction Code.... I went to Urban Planning Dept in West Bay this a.m. but no luck... Would anyone know where I could get it from? Thanks in advance. getsevilla,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1020,Q61_R26,Q61_R27,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1021,Q61_R26,Q61_R29,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1022,Q61_R26,Q61_R30,Hepatitis C (HCV) - Work permit. I have Hepatitis C (HCV); Can i get work permit?,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1023,Q61_R27,Q61_R29,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1024,Q61_R27,Q61_R30,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1025,Q61_R29,Q61_R30,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
1026,Q62_R7,Q62_R8,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Irrelevant
1027,Q62_R7,Q62_R10,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Irrelevant
1028,Q62_R7,Q62_R11,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Irrelevant
1029,Q62_R7,Q62_R13,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Irrelevant
1030,Q62_R7,Q62_R22,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
1031,Q62_R7,Q62_R25,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1032,Q62_R7,Q62_R27,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1033,Q62_R7,Q62_R37,Where to find CINNAMON in doha?. I dont know; its a kind of spice named CINNAMON; where to find it in Doha ?,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1034,Q62_R8,Q62_R10,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Irrelevant
1035,Q62_R8,Q62_R11,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Irrelevant
1036,Q62_R8,Q62_R13,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Irrelevant
1037,Q62_R8,Q62_R22,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
1038,Q62_R8,Q62_R25,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1039,Q62_R8,Q62_R27,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1040,Q62_R8,Q62_R37,where to find Viagra in doha. I want to try viagra; please where to find it in Doha? Does it require a prescription or its free on the shelf or a wassta to use the local jargon. thanks,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1041,Q62_R10,Q62_R11,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Irrelevant
1042,Q62_R10,Q62_R13,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Irrelevant
1043,Q62_R10,Q62_R22,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
1044,Q62_R10,Q62_R25,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1045,Q62_R10,Q62_R27,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1046,Q62_R10,Q62_R37,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1047,Q62_R11,Q62_R13,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Irrelevant
1048,Q62_R11,Q62_R22,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
1049,Q62_R11,Q62_R25,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1050,Q62_R11,Q62_R27,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1051,Q62_R11,Q62_R37,Where to get Kefir grains in Doha?. Hello there; Anybody knows where to get Kefir grains in Doha? Regards; NKL,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1052,Q62_R13,Q62_R22,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
1053,Q62_R13,Q62_R25,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1054,Q62_R13,Q62_R27,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1055,Q62_R13,Q62_R37,where to find certified TRANSLATION service (english to arabic)?. H; I need translation for my wife school certificate to be translated in arabic; where can i find one?tnx...,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1056,Q62_R22,Q62_R25,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Irrelevant
1057,Q62_R22,Q62_R27,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1058,Q62_R22,Q62_R37,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1059,Q62_R25,Q62_R27,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Irrelevant
1060,Q62_R25,Q62_R37,Where can I Buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha?. I want to buy Electronic Cigarette in Doha; any idea where I can find that?,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1061,Q62_R27,Q62_R37,Where to buy cheap but original perfumes??. Just arrived 3 days ago from UAE. Please help where to find cheap but original perfumes?? Thanks...,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
1062,Q63_R5,Q63_R8,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Irrelevant
1063,Q63_R5,Q63_R11,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Irrelevant
1064,Q63_R5,Q63_R13,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Irrelevant
1065,Q63_R5,Q63_R20,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Irrelevant
1066,Q63_R5,Q63_R22,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Irrelevant
1067,Q63_R5,Q63_R24,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1068,Q63_R5,Q63_R25,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1069,Q63_R5,Q63_R26,Lunch meal discussion. I am fed up with fast food for lunch; its either KFC McDonald's Hardee's etc... every day! I am living alone in Doha; I don't know or have time to cook or to prepare a decent meal :( I know some restaurants that prepare daily meals; but they don't offer delivery; I usually eat there at dinner. So what are your advises dear Qler's? Please discuss what do you usually have on your lunch breaks.,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1070,Q63_R8,Q63_R11,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Irrelevant
1071,Q63_R8,Q63_R13,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Irrelevant
1072,Q63_R8,Q63_R20,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Irrelevant
1073,Q63_R8,Q63_R22,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Irrelevant
1074,Q63_R8,Q63_R24,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1075,Q63_R8,Q63_R25,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1076,Q63_R8,Q63_R26,Turkey or Egypt. 1. Which one is a better place for a romantic; relaxed holiday(1 week) for a couple? 2. Which one is closer to Qatar? 3. Which one is safer? 4. Which one is easier for visa on arrival for Indians? 5. Which one is less expensive? 6. Which one has better weather? Also one last question somewhat related to this- if I'm on a visit visa in Qatar is that only single entry or is it a multiple entry- can I go for a holiday and come back to Qatar or not?,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1077,Q63_R11,Q63_R13,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Irrelevant
1078,Q63_R11,Q63_R20,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Irrelevant
1079,Q63_R11,Q63_R22,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Irrelevant
1080,Q63_R11,Q63_R24,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1081,Q63_R11,Q63_R25,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1082,Q63_R11,Q63_R26,Marriage Counseling. My husband and I just moved here a month ago and I'm not familiar with any of our medical providers yet. I'm having a difficult time trying to find someone who specializes in Marriage Counseling. Due to the nature of our problem; I think it would be best if we spoke with someone who is a native English speaker. Does anyone here know of a man/woman in the field? Thanks very much.,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1083,Q63_R13,Q63_R20,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Irrelevant
1084,Q63_R13,Q63_R22,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Irrelevant
1085,Q63_R13,Q63_R24,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1086,Q63_R13,Q63_R25,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1087,Q63_R13,Q63_R26,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1088,Q63_R20,Q63_R22,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Irrelevant
1089,Q63_R20,Q63_R24,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1090,Q63_R20,Q63_R25,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1091,Q63_R20,Q63_R26,Surfing Qatar. hi Is there anyone here who surfed in doha before? i am a surfer from manila looking for a place to surf. and is there a water sport store here where you can buy a surfboard new or used? thanks,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1092,Q63_R22,Q63_R24,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Irrelevant
1093,Q63_R22,Q63_R25,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1094,Q63_R22,Q63_R26,Tennis in Doha. Does anyone know of any decent tennis clubs/ courts in Qatar? I have just moved here for a few months; and am keen to play on a regular basis. Any recommendations for a decent sports shop wld also be appreciated. cheers; Sambo,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1095,Q63_R24,Q63_R25,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
1096,Q63_R24,Q63_R26,http://www.qdc.com.qa. I would just like to know if others are facing the same problem as I am; when trying to access http://www.qdc.com.qa . I wanted to download the application form for a friend; when I enter the URL I get rerouted to http://www.qdc.com.q.a . I guess its a DNS problem but just wanted to know if its only happening to me???? By the way who hosts this site qatarairways or some ministry????Â ,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1097,Q63_R25,Q63_R26,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
1098,Q64_R10,Q64_R11,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,Irrelevant
1099,Q64_R10,Q64_R27,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,Irrelevant
1100,Q64_R10,Q64_R29,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
1101,Q64_R10,Q64_R39,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1102,Q64_R10,Q64_R61,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Irrelevant
1103,Q64_R10,Q64_R76,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1104,Q64_R10,Q64_R84,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1105,Q64_R10,Q64_R85,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1106,Q64_R10,Q64_R89,qatarliving.com contact number. Can anyone please give me the contact number of qatarliving.com office?,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1107,Q64_R11,Q64_R27,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,Irrelevant
1108,Q64_R11,Q64_R29,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
1109,Q64_R11,Q64_R39,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1110,Q64_R11,Q64_R61,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Irrelevant
1111,Q64_R11,Q64_R76,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1112,Q64_R11,Q64_R84,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1113,Q64_R11,Q64_R85,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1114,Q64_R11,Q64_R89,how to get working visa or visit visa?. I just want to know if there are companies sponsoring working visa to those want to work in qatar who lives here in the philippines? or a friend working in qatar can sponsor a visit visa for a friend? please help. thanks,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1115,Q64_R27,Q64_R29,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
1116,Q64_R27,Q64_R39,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1117,Q64_R27,Q64_R61,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Irrelevant
1118,Q64_R27,Q64_R76,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1119,Q64_R27,Q64_R84,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1120,Q64_R27,Q64_R85,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1121,Q64_R27,Q64_R89,English Modern School. Does anyone know what the contact details for the english modern school in Doha is i've searched everywhere online & haven't had much luck the phone just rings out & no one has replied to any of my emails. I know they're on holidays now but what about the admin dept? Does that close thru the entire holidays.Also does anyone have any kids in that school; whats the reputation like? Your replies are of course always appreciated,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1122,Q64_R29,Q64_R39,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1123,Q64_R29,Q64_R61,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Irrelevant
1124,Q64_R29,Q64_R76,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1125,Q64_R29,Q64_R84,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1126,Q64_R29,Q64_R85,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1127,Q64_R29,Q64_R89,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1128,Q64_R39,Q64_R61,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Irrelevant
1129,Q64_R39,Q64_R76,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1130,Q64_R39,Q64_R84,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1131,Q64_R39,Q64_R85,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1132,Q64_R39,Q64_R89,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1133,Q64_R61,Q64_R76,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Irrelevant
1134,Q64_R61,Q64_R84,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1135,Q64_R61,Q64_R85,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1136,Q64_R61,Q64_R89,New Jokes - June onwards :). Too much serious discussion going on.. Time for some humour; but some newer jokes please ....... A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose; a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. The doctor replies; "You're not eating properly.",sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1137,Q64_R76,Q64_R84,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Irrelevant
1138,Q64_R76,Q64_R85,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1139,Q64_R76,Q64_R89,If it Vibrates.... A row is brewing in India over condoms. The Crezendo vibrating condom is the subject of a debate; is it a vibrator or is it a condom? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6221540.stm,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1140,Q64_R84,Q64_R85,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1141,Q64_R84,Q64_R89,Serious Buyers Only.... Just been browsing the classifieds and there are numerous which say "Serious Buyers Only".. Now what does that really mean ? How does the seller know whether I'm a serious buyer or not ? Is it an afront to not-s-serious-buyers ?,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1142,Q64_R85,Q64_R89,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
1143,Q65_R13,Q65_R14,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,Irrelevant
1144,Q65_R13,Q65_R17,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Irrelevant
1145,Q65_R13,Q65_R21,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Irrelevant
1146,Q65_R13,Q65_R36,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
1147,Q65_R13,Q65_R47,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Irrelevant
1148,Q65_R13,Q65_R55,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1149,Q65_R13,Q65_R62,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1150,Q65_R13,Q65_R68,Can u please suggest me some road tips for clearing the driving test?. Two days back I gave driving test in which i hve failed in road test.I think I was good enough but still I hve been failed.Please help.I am not even getting the next date for the test before April.Is there a way out to get the date preponed,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1151,Q65_R14,Q65_R17,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Irrelevant
1152,Q65_R14,Q65_R21,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Irrelevant
1153,Q65_R14,Q65_R36,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
1154,Q65_R14,Q65_R47,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Irrelevant
1155,Q65_R14,Q65_R55,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1156,Q65_R14,Q65_R62,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1157,Q65_R14,Q65_R68,Why do some people like to use full capital letters in writing? Any comment from English natives?. It looks weird... I thought capitalization is for noun; title; heading etc... and not for the whole story or report... Any comment from English natives? Or may be they just too lazy to press the 'Shift' button..,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1158,Q65_R17,Q65_R21,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Irrelevant
1159,Q65_R17,Q65_R36,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
1160,Q65_R17,Q65_R47,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Irrelevant
1161,Q65_R17,Q65_R55,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1162,Q65_R17,Q65_R62,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1163,Q65_R17,Q65_R68,How much do you believe in super draws of these hypermarkets?. The recent offerings of 18 cars by a hypermarket & a Hummer by another; seems fraud to me. Please share your experience & valuable opinion. Regards,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1164,Q65_R21,Q65_R36,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
1165,Q65_R21,Q65_R47,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Irrelevant
1166,Q65_R21,Q65_R55,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1167,Q65_R21,Q65_R62,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1168,Q65_R21,Q65_R68,Traffic violation by mistake. Guys; Don't know what the shit was going in my head i just broke the signal at crazy round about area. I was waiting for the signal to go green but don't know how i just judged the green signal going straight and tried to take a left turn. I did not notice any flash on my back but i think the recording will get me right ? What to do know as i take the turn and realized that its too late to reverse. Please help me out with this,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1169,Q65_R36,Q65_R47,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Irrelevant
1170,Q65_R36,Q65_R55,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1171,Q65_R36,Q65_R62,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1172,Q65_R36,Q65_R68,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1173,Q65_R47,Q65_R55,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Irrelevant
1174,Q65_R47,Q65_R62,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1175,Q65_R47,Q65_R68,ACCA(UK) in Qatar. HI every one i want to know about ACCA worth in qatar like ACCA qualified person with one year experience in auditing can get job easily in qatar?and how much minimume pay can earn?(acording to market trend) thanks,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1176,Q65_R55,Q65_R62,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,Irrelevant
1177,Q65_R55,Q65_R68,Your fired. It can happen to all of us employees; it can happen today; tomorrow or in the near future. Im just Wondering how you would face this example: . What shall I say doing interviews for next job as I was 'fired' from the previous one? . I am moving on with a positive attitude but I'm afraid the above question will not get me past the interviewer's first-pass filter.,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1178,Q65_R62,Q65_R68,Why al khebra driving school force for pre test;lack of qualified instructor or another way of profitability?. While police department allows for short course (while having an experience)while some of driving schools try to make things difficult through pre-test; just for their profit or they have not such qualified instructor who can train with propose time.(because all time instructor also force student to go for full course).,if husband & wife work at same place; advantage or disadvantage ?. Hi all QLers; i am working in a office; my wife has been offered a job in same office; and if she works we both will be next to each other; i wana know if husband & wife work at same place is it a advantage or disadvantage ? kindly advice im not able to decide; thanks in advance,Irrelevant
1179,Q66_R35,Q66_R64,With Qatar Driving License is it possible to drive in GCC Countries?. i will be moving to saudi soon i want to know if its possible to use the exsisting driving license to driving in saudi. also is the qatar driving license is valid in Dubai?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
1180,Q67_R18,Q67_R20,Eid ul adha - prayer time ?. Most would like to know about this. Highly appreciate on replies with right info. Happy Eid to all. Please let us know know timing of Eid prayer on following masjids 1) Grand mosque ​ 2) Aspire mosque - do they conduct prayer here ? Most probably the timing will be at early morning. if suppose any miss it; where they could go with family?  ,Eid Holiday. Any suggestions how and where to spend the eid holiday here in Qatar?,Irrelevant
1181,Q67_R18,Q67_R26,Eid ul adha - prayer time ?. Most would like to know about this. Highly appreciate on replies with right info. Happy Eid to all. Please let us know know timing of Eid prayer on following masjids 1) Grand mosque ​ 2) Aspire mosque - do they conduct prayer here ? Most probably the timing will be at early morning. if suppose any miss it; where they could go with family?  ,HOW CAN WE CELEBRATE THESE EID HOLIDAYS ?. CAN U SUGGEST ME ? how can we celebrate these eid holidays..................... all types of ideas are welcome & thanx in advance,Irrelevant
1182,Q67_R18,Q67_R44,Eid ul adha - prayer time ?. Most would like to know about this. Highly appreciate on replies with right info. Happy Eid to all. Please let us know know timing of Eid prayer on following masjids 1) Grand mosque ​ 2) Aspire mosque - do they conduct prayer here ? Most probably the timing will be at early morning. if suppose any miss it; where they could go with family?  ,Salary Deduction for 3 Days Eid Holiday. I took a 2 week leave which coincided with the 3 days Eid-el-Fitr holiday in the middle. The company deducted my salary for these 3 days saying that the holiday fell within my leave so i was not not entitled to it as 'paid holiday'. Is it true that the Qatar Labour Law for this section has been interpreted as such?,Irrelevant
1183,Q67_R20,Q67_R26,Eid Holiday. Any suggestions how and where to spend the eid holiday here in Qatar?,HOW CAN WE CELEBRATE THESE EID HOLIDAYS ?. CAN U SUGGEST ME ? how can we celebrate these eid holidays..................... all types of ideas are welcome & thanx in advance,Irrelevant
1184,Q67_R20,Q67_R44,Eid Holiday. Any suggestions how and where to spend the eid holiday here in Qatar?,Salary Deduction for 3 Days Eid Holiday. I took a 2 week leave which coincided with the 3 days Eid-el-Fitr holiday in the middle. The company deducted my salary for these 3 days saying that the holiday fell within my leave so i was not not entitled to it as 'paid holiday'. Is it true that the Qatar Labour Law for this section has been interpreted as such?,Irrelevant
1185,Q67_R26,Q67_R44,HOW CAN WE CELEBRATE THESE EID HOLIDAYS ?. CAN U SUGGEST ME ? how can we celebrate these eid holidays..................... all types of ideas are welcome & thanx in advance,Salary Deduction for 3 Days Eid Holiday. I took a 2 week leave which coincided with the 3 days Eid-el-Fitr holiday in the middle. The company deducted my salary for these 3 days saying that the holiday fell within my leave so i was not not entitled to it as 'paid holiday'. Is it true that the Qatar Labour Law for this section has been interpreted as such?,Irrelevant
1186,Q68_R22,Q68_R24,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1187,Q68_R22,Q68_R29,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1188,Q68_R22,Q68_R44,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1189,Q68_R22,Q68_R54,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Irrelevant
1190,Q68_R22,Q68_R62,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Irrelevant
1191,Q68_R22,Q68_R65,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1192,Q68_R22,Q68_R66,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1193,Q68_R22,Q68_R72,The 'world's worst' airport terminal. Manila in Philippines for 2nd year in a row!!! http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/the-world-s-worst-airport-terminal-433893?pfrom=home-topstories,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1194,Q68_R24,Q68_R29,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1195,Q68_R24,Q68_R44,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1196,Q68_R24,Q68_R54,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Irrelevant
1197,Q68_R24,Q68_R62,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Irrelevant
1198,Q68_R24,Q68_R65,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1199,Q68_R24,Q68_R66,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1200,Q68_R24,Q68_R72,Delhi - Agra - touristic question. Is it difficult to get a taxi from the Delhi airport to Agra? How about getting around in Agra; is it hard? How about getting back from there to Delhi? What I'm trying to ascertain is whether it's better to get a travel agency to organize it for me or if it's better that I book the hotels myself and just catch a taxi. Thanks!,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1201,Q68_R29,Q68_R44,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1202,Q68_R29,Q68_R54,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Irrelevant
1203,Q68_R29,Q68_R62,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Irrelevant
1204,Q68_R29,Q68_R65,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1205,Q68_R29,Q68_R66,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1206,Q68_R29,Q68_R72,Qatar Taxis. What are the taxis like in Doha and elsewhere in Qatar? First; do they use meters (argos) to charge you for the distance traveled; or is every ride a bartering session? Are there any established brands that are known for safety and fairness? Alternatively; should some taxi brands be avoided? Some people have posted here that taxis are hard to find in Doha. How do the telephone-ordered & radio-dispatched taxis work - on time and okay? Thanks.,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1207,Q68_R44,Q68_R54,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Irrelevant
1208,Q68_R44,Q68_R62,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Irrelevant
1209,Q68_R44,Q68_R65,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1210,Q68_R44,Q68_R66,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1211,Q68_R44,Q68_R72,Korea!. Any Korean's on Qatar Living (or have you visited Korea before)? If so can you drop me a PM? I would be interested in visiting your lovely country and trying to work out the best itinerary. Thanks!,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1212,Q68_R54,Q68_R62,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Irrelevant
1213,Q68_R54,Q68_R65,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1214,Q68_R54,Q68_R66,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1215,Q68_R54,Q68_R72,Harley Davidson store??. I keep hearing that there is a Harley Davidson store somewhere in Doha; but no hotel concierge or any cab driver seems to know where it is.  Does anybody know of the location? ,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1216,Q68_R62,Q68_R65,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1217,Q68_R62,Q68_R66,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1218,Q68_R62,Q68_R72,Airport parking - longterm. Anyone has information on  Doha airport parking - longterm ?   How much it will cost for long term parking ... say 3 days..... 7 days and one month,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1219,Q68_R65,Q68_R66,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Irrelevant
1220,Q68_R65,Q68_R72,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1221,Q68_R66,Q68_R72,one night in doha. Mod Note : Post only in English. salam ; i will be in doha one night from 7 pm until 8 am to take plane ! what can i visit in doha ? should i stay at the airport or go out and visit doha ? is it safe for a woman doha at the night ?,Buses. Does anyone know if there are bus stops near the Intercontinental and if those buses can take me to the City Centre Mall?,Irrelevant
1222,Q70_R17,Q70_R29,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,Irrelevant
1223,Q70_R17,Q70_R30,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Irrelevant
1224,Q70_R17,Q70_R35,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Irrelevant
1225,Q70_R17,Q70_R36,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Irrelevant
1226,Q70_R17,Q70_R37,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Irrelevant
1227,Q70_R17,Q70_R38,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1228,Q70_R17,Q70_R42,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1229,Q70_R17,Q70_R43,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1230,Q70_R29,Q70_R30,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Irrelevant
1231,Q70_R29,Q70_R35,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Irrelevant
1232,Q70_R29,Q70_R36,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Irrelevant
1233,Q70_R29,Q70_R37,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Irrelevant
1234,Q70_R29,Q70_R38,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1235,Q70_R29,Q70_R42,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1236,Q70_R29,Q70_R43,About TIme! Name and Shame. I've gotten two in the last 20 minutes. From: aadii To: Gypsy Subject: hi Date: Tue; 10/07/2007 - 2:41pm lookin 4 frineds????? Name and Shame!!!!,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1237,Q70_R30,Q70_R35,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Irrelevant
1238,Q70_R30,Q70_R36,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Irrelevant
1239,Q70_R30,Q70_R37,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Irrelevant
1240,Q70_R30,Q70_R38,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1241,Q70_R30,Q70_R42,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1242,Q70_R30,Q70_R43,WORK VISA. I movedÂ here using a Work Visa andÂ my sponsor charged meÂ 2000 RiyalsÂ for that visa ... is thatÂ costÂ right ??Â I think is very expensive ....Â is 2000 theÂ priceÂ for a 6 months work visa ?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1243,Q70_R35,Q70_R36,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Irrelevant
1244,Q70_R35,Q70_R37,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Irrelevant
1245,Q70_R35,Q70_R38,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1246,Q70_R35,Q70_R42,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1247,Q70_R35,Q70_R43,The worst advert on TV!. As a Connoisseur and fan of bad TV and Film; I am bowled over by the "Sedar" advert on TV.. Anyone else agree with me ? Do you know of an even worse commercial ?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1248,Q70_R36,Q70_R37,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Irrelevant
1249,Q70_R36,Q70_R38,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1250,Q70_R36,Q70_R42,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1251,Q70_R36,Q70_R43,What shall i do!. im a young man 26 year old; married with two kids; falling way over my head with depts; lost everything and the only thing remains for me is my family and am about to lose it and go tp prison. im currently unemployed and even if i work with 20000 QR in a month i wont make it. is there anything to do?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1252,Q70_R37,Q70_R38,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
1253,Q70_R37,Q70_R42,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1254,Q70_R37,Q70_R43,Oman OR Qatar. Looking at 2 offers. Both with similiar salaries and allowances; one in Qatar and the other in Oman. What say guys; which country to choose?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1255,Q70_R38,Q70_R42,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Irrelevant
1256,Q70_R38,Q70_R43,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1257,Q70_R42,Q70_R43,Sponsorship law details. Hello; Could anyone help to clarify what sponsorship law is about? I only have a vague idea that it restricts you from changing job once you are working for a company in Qatar. Is it correct and complete? BTW; for those who have finished your contract in Qatar; do you return to your homeland; or find another 'nice' land in Middle East; Asia; etc. for further adventure? Thanks. F'co Good_attempt@hotmail.com,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
1258,Q71_R8,Q71_R16,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1259,Q71_R8,Q71_R18,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
1260,Q71_R8,Q71_R20,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Irrelevant
1261,Q71_R8,Q71_R42,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
1262,Q71_R8,Q71_R44,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
1263,Q71_R8,Q71_R45,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1264,Q71_R8,Q71_R47,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1265,Q71_R8,Q71_R54,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1266,Q71_R16,Q71_R18,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
1267,Q71_R16,Q71_R20,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Irrelevant
1268,Q71_R16,Q71_R42,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
1269,Q71_R16,Q71_R44,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
1270,Q71_R16,Q71_R45,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1271,Q71_R16,Q71_R47,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1272,Q71_R16,Q71_R54,Are Qatar air really strict on the 20 KG allowance?. I'm moving to Qatar next week; and I was wondering how strict Qatar airways are with their 20kg allowance? I think I might be 1 to 2 kilos overweight; will they charge me for that? Also; if anyone knows; does your hand luggage get weighed too? They say you can take 7 kg there. I'm hoping to squeeze in some more! Any comments welcome! Thanks in advance!,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1273,Q71_R18,Q71_R20,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Irrelevant
1274,Q71_R18,Q71_R42,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
1275,Q71_R18,Q71_R44,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
1276,Q71_R18,Q71_R45,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1277,Q71_R18,Q71_R47,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1278,Q71_R18,Q71_R54,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1279,Q71_R20,Q71_R42,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
1280,Q71_R20,Q71_R44,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
1281,Q71_R20,Q71_R45,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1282,Q71_R20,Q71_R47,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1283,Q71_R20,Q71_R54,where i can find New Year tree ?. did any one knows how much cost New Year tree (plastic one) and if you know please guide me where. If any one have old one (in good condition) please send me your price. Thanks,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1284,Q71_R42,Q71_R44,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
1285,Q71_R42,Q71_R45,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1286,Q71_R42,Q71_R47,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1287,Q71_R42,Q71_R54,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1288,Q71_R44,Q71_R45,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
1289,Q71_R44,Q71_R47,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1290,Q71_R44,Q71_R54,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1291,Q71_R45,Q71_R47,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Irrelevant
1292,Q71_R45,Q71_R54,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1293,Q71_R47,Q71_R54,Is Arabic hard or easy for the brain?. I came accross this response to the BBC article about Arabic being hard for the brain. I think it's a powerful rebuttal of the Israeli Research and good reference to Japan as well:) Chgeck it out here: http://www.occri.org.uk/,Best Beach in Qatar?. Where is the best beach in Qatar? Maybe a silent and romantic bay? Where to go for it?,Irrelevant
1294,Q72_R28,Q72_R42,I Faced SHARK at Sealine Beach!!!!!!! OMG. For the first time; i went Sealine Beach with my Family & Guess what ??? I faced Shark around 10 meters away from me .....!!!Ohhhh MY GOD;;;; i was stuckd in water for some seconds when i saw her first time and then runnnnnn like anything... I hope some other friends also faced shark there. on 29/10/2010 at 5.00pm Is it safe BEACH to go again???????????,Where to go in Doha. Dear Doha Experienced; My wife is here for 6 months; 3 months has already passed and i don't know where to take her else!!! We have been to : Katara City Centre Landmark All Carrefour and LULU hypermarkets Aqua park Aspire zone World trade centre Hayat Plaza Do you have any other suggestions?!!! i am here for almost a year now and i don't know any where else!! Please Suggest:( Thank you;,Irrelevant
1295,Q72_R28,Q72_R71,I Faced SHARK at Sealine Beach!!!!!!! OMG. For the first time; i went Sealine Beach with my Family & Guess what ??? I faced Shark around 10 meters away from me .....!!!Ohhhh MY GOD;;;; i was stuckd in water for some seconds when i saw her first time and then runnnnnn like anything... I hope some other friends also faced shark there. on 29/10/2010 at 5.00pm Is it safe BEACH to go again???????????,Which all places to visit in Qatar?. Which all places are there for tourists to Qatar? My nephew 18 years on visit.,Irrelevant
1296,Q72_R42,Q72_R71,Where to go in Doha. Dear Doha Experienced; My wife is here for 6 months; 3 months has already passed and i don't know where to take her else!!! We have been to : Katara City Centre Landmark All Carrefour and LULU hypermarkets Aqua park Aspire zone World trade centre Hayat Plaza Do you have any other suggestions?!!! i am here for almost a year now and i don't know any where else!! Please Suggest:( Thank you;,Which all places to visit in Qatar?. Which all places are there for tourists to Qatar? My nephew 18 years on visit.,Irrelevant
1297,Q73_R20,Q73_R67,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Where I can find a reliable birth-tourism company that'll help us have our baby in Canada?. We're interested in having our baby in Canada. I'd like to see if anyone out there has done it too.,Irrelevant
1298,Q74_R27,Q74_R42,Ladies & Gentz; anyone who plays good basketball around Doha?. ,Badminton in Doha. Hi; I just would like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC membership is already full. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group. Thanks; Armiel PH,Irrelevant
1299,Q74_R27,Q74_R57,Ladies & Gentz; anyone who plays good basketball around Doha?. ,Badminton Court in Doha. I jwould like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC is a crowded area and you have to wait for your turn. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group..I'm living in Mansoura and i prefer nearby to my place.,Irrelevant
1300,Q74_R27,Q74_R63,Ladies & Gentz; anyone who plays good basketball around Doha?. ,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Irrelevant
1301,Q74_R27,Q74_R77,Ladies & Gentz; anyone who plays good basketball around Doha?. ,Middle East International School. Hello Everyone; Does anyone have any experience/insights with the Middle East International School?  Is the curriculum good (esp. curriculum for pre-k/KG1)?  How is the teaching/learning atmosphere? Thank you in advance for your replies.,Irrelevant
1302,Q74_R27,Q74_R78,Ladies & Gentz; anyone who plays good basketball around Doha?. ,Relocating to Doha - Villa and Car to rent. Hi everyone; we're relocating to Doha with my family (me; my wife; one son and pets) and planning to be in country by mid-June. My housing allowance is roughly 12;000 rials a month and ot´s include the vehicle. What does this exactly buy us in terms of a villa and an car rent ? This value is enough ? Roberto,Irrelevant
1303,Q74_R42,Q74_R57,Badminton in Doha. Hi; I just would like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC membership is already full. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group. Thanks; Armiel PH,Badminton Court in Doha. I jwould like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC is a crowded area and you have to wait for your turn. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group..I'm living in Mansoura and i prefer nearby to my place.,Irrelevant
1304,Q74_R42,Q74_R63,Badminton in Doha. Hi; I just would like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC membership is already full. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group. Thanks; Armiel PH,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Irrelevant
1305,Q74_R42,Q74_R77,Badminton in Doha. Hi; I just would like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC membership is already full. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group. Thanks; Armiel PH,Middle East International School. Hello Everyone; Does anyone have any experience/insights with the Middle East International School?  Is the curriculum good (esp. curriculum for pre-k/KG1)?  How is the teaching/learning atmosphere? Thank you in advance for your replies.,Irrelevant
1306,Q74_R42,Q74_R78,Badminton in Doha. Hi; I just would like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC membership is already full. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group. Thanks; Armiel PH,Relocating to Doha - Villa and Car to rent. Hi everyone; we're relocating to Doha with my family (me; my wife; one son and pets) and planning to be in country by mid-June. My housing allowance is roughly 12;000 rials a month and ot´s include the vehicle. What does this exactly buy us in terms of a villa and an car rent ? This value is enough ? Roberto,Irrelevant
1307,Q74_R57,Q74_R63,Badminton Court in Doha. I jwould like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC is a crowded area and you have to wait for your turn. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group..I'm living in Mansoura and i prefer nearby to my place.,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Irrelevant
1308,Q74_R57,Q74_R77,Badminton Court in Doha. I jwould like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC is a crowded area and you have to wait for your turn. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group..I'm living in Mansoura and i prefer nearby to my place.,Middle East International School. Hello Everyone; Does anyone have any experience/insights with the Middle East International School?  Is the curriculum good (esp. curriculum for pre-k/KG1)?  How is the teaching/learning atmosphere? Thank you in advance for your replies.,Irrelevant
1309,Q74_R57,Q74_R78,Badminton Court in Doha. I jwould like to know other than the Qatar Badminton Club near Doha College; where else can I play badminton? I heard that QBC is a crowded area and you have to wait for your turn. If there are any badminton enthusiast out there please send me a message so I can join your group..I'm living in Mansoura and i prefer nearby to my place.,Relocating to Doha - Villa and Car to rent. Hi everyone; we're relocating to Doha with my family (me; my wife; one son and pets) and planning to be in country by mid-June. My housing allowance is roughly 12;000 rials a month and ot´s include the vehicle. What does this exactly buy us in terms of a villa and an car rent ? This value is enough ? Roberto,Irrelevant
1310,Q74_R63,Q74_R77,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Middle East International School. Hello Everyone; Does anyone have any experience/insights with the Middle East International School?  Is the curriculum good (esp. curriculum for pre-k/KG1)?  How is the teaching/learning atmosphere? Thank you in advance for your replies.,Irrelevant
1311,Q74_R63,Q74_R78,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Relocating to Doha - Villa and Car to rent. Hi everyone; we're relocating to Doha with my family (me; my wife; one son and pets) and planning to be in country by mid-June. My housing allowance is roughly 12;000 rials a month and ot´s include the vehicle. What does this exactly buy us in terms of a villa and an car rent ? This value is enough ? Roberto,Irrelevant
1312,Q74_R77,Q74_R78,Middle East International School. Hello Everyone; Does anyone have any experience/insights with the Middle East International School?  Is the curriculum good (esp. curriculum for pre-k/KG1)?  How is the teaching/learning atmosphere? Thank you in advance for your replies.,Relocating to Doha - Villa and Car to rent. Hi everyone; we're relocating to Doha with my family (me; my wife; one son and pets) and planning to be in country by mid-June. My housing allowance is roughly 12;000 rials a month and ot´s include the vehicle. What does this exactly buy us in terms of a villa and an car rent ? This value is enough ? Roberto,Irrelevant
1313,Q75_R24,Q75_R25,Hurray; second Mobile License. Vodafone and Qatar Foundation Consortium is selected for grant of Second Mobile Telecommunications License in Qatar Read more in: http://www.ict.gov.qa/output/NewsPage.aspx?PageID=554,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1314,Q75_R24,Q75_R36,Hurray; second Mobile License. Vodafone and Qatar Foundation Consortium is selected for grant of Second Mobile Telecommunications License in Qatar Read more in: http://www.ict.gov.qa/output/NewsPage.aspx?PageID=554,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1315,Q75_R24,Q75_R41,Hurray; second Mobile License. Vodafone and Qatar Foundation Consortium is selected for grant of Second Mobile Telecommunications License in Qatar Read more in: http://www.ict.gov.qa/output/NewsPage.aspx?PageID=554,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
1316,Q75_R24,Q75_R42,Hurray; second Mobile License. Vodafone and Qatar Foundation Consortium is selected for grant of Second Mobile Telecommunications License in Qatar Read more in: http://www.ict.gov.qa/output/NewsPage.aspx?PageID=554,Why Qatari Drivers Turn Left/Right without.... Hi Guys This is a question mark for me that why some driver here in Qatar Specially QATARIES turn Left/Right the car without any Side Lamp Signal? How they get their driver license? You know that it is very dangrous and it takes live of others? Do you know that the driver (even a professional driver) will think that when you are driving infront of him you will pay attention and sending signal for Turning Left/Right?,Irrelevant
1317,Q75_R24,Q75_R52,Hurray; second Mobile License. Vodafone and Qatar Foundation Consortium is selected for grant of Second Mobile Telecommunications License in Qatar Read more in: http://www.ict.gov.qa/output/NewsPage.aspx?PageID=554,can women use a motor cycle in Doha.. Pls suggest some good motor cycles for women Also how much does a reasonable used motor cycle costs?,Irrelevant
1318,Q75_R25,Q75_R36,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1319,Q75_R25,Q75_R41,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
1320,Q75_R25,Q75_R42,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Why Qatari Drivers Turn Left/Right without.... Hi Guys This is a question mark for me that why some driver here in Qatar Specially QATARIES turn Left/Right the car without any Side Lamp Signal? How they get their driver license? You know that it is very dangrous and it takes live of others? Do you know that the driver (even a professional driver) will think that when you are driving infront of him you will pay attention and sending signal for Turning Left/Right?,Irrelevant
1321,Q75_R25,Q75_R52,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,can women use a motor cycle in Doha.. Pls suggest some good motor cycles for women Also how much does a reasonable used motor cycle costs?,Irrelevant
1322,Q75_R36,Q75_R41,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
1323,Q75_R36,Q75_R42,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Why Qatari Drivers Turn Left/Right without.... Hi Guys This is a question mark for me that why some driver here in Qatar Specially QATARIES turn Left/Right the car without any Side Lamp Signal? How they get their driver license? You know that it is very dangrous and it takes live of others? Do you know that the driver (even a professional driver) will think that when you are driving infront of him you will pay attention and sending signal for Turning Left/Right?,Irrelevant
1324,Q75_R36,Q75_R52,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,can women use a motor cycle in Doha.. Pls suggest some good motor cycles for women Also how much does a reasonable used motor cycle costs?,Irrelevant
1325,Q75_R41,Q75_R42,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Why Qatari Drivers Turn Left/Right without.... Hi Guys This is a question mark for me that why some driver here in Qatar Specially QATARIES turn Left/Right the car without any Side Lamp Signal? How they get their driver license? You know that it is very dangrous and it takes live of others? Do you know that the driver (even a professional driver) will think that when you are driving infront of him you will pay attention and sending signal for Turning Left/Right?,Irrelevant
1326,Q75_R41,Q75_R52,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,can women use a motor cycle in Doha.. Pls suggest some good motor cycles for women Also how much does a reasonable used motor cycle costs?,Irrelevant
1327,Q75_R42,Q75_R52,Why Qatari Drivers Turn Left/Right without.... Hi Guys This is a question mark for me that why some driver here in Qatar Specially QATARIES turn Left/Right the car without any Side Lamp Signal? How they get their driver license? You know that it is very dangrous and it takes live of others? Do you know that the driver (even a professional driver) will think that when you are driving infront of him you will pay attention and sending signal for Turning Left/Right?,can women use a motor cycle in Doha.. Pls suggest some good motor cycles for women Also how much does a reasonable used motor cycle costs?,Irrelevant
1328,Q76_R9,Q76_R11,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Irrelevant
1329,Q76_R9,Q76_R13,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
1330,Q76_R9,Q76_R26,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Irrelevant
1331,Q76_R9,Q76_R37,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Irrelevant
1332,Q76_R9,Q76_R38,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Irrelevant
1333,Q76_R9,Q76_R62,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1334,Q76_R11,Q76_R13,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
1335,Q76_R11,Q76_R26,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Irrelevant
1336,Q76_R11,Q76_R37,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Irrelevant
1337,Q76_R11,Q76_R38,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Irrelevant
1338,Q76_R11,Q76_R62,Book Store. Does any one know about any big book store near Family Food center Airport Road from where I can get some books and novels?,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1339,Q76_R13,Q76_R26,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Irrelevant
1340,Q76_R13,Q76_R37,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Irrelevant
1341,Q76_R13,Q76_R38,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Irrelevant
1342,Q76_R13,Q76_R62,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1343,Q76_R26,Q76_R37,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Irrelevant
1344,Q76_R26,Q76_R38,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Irrelevant
1345,Q76_R26,Q76_R62,Help me find books about Qatar please!. Hello Qatarliving! Can you help me find books about Qatar's history since pearls' diving till oil's discovery? It's for academic papers in English. I need to buy some and ship them overseas to a friend ASAP. Thanks a lot!,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1346,Q76_R37,Q76_R38,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Irrelevant
1347,Q76_R37,Q76_R62,Why Kindle does not work here ?. Anyone have any idea why Qatar (or GCC for that matter) is not in Kindle (e-book reader from amazon for those who don't know) coverage? I would think the demography of GCC will suit them well: compact area; high expatriate concentration; general lack of other entertainment (more time to read); high disposable income for reading expats and lack of proper bookshop. So what's the problem....?,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1348,Q76_R38,Q76_R62,Amazon Book Orders. Does anyone know how good a delivery service you get in Qatar with Amazon books? It might sound a strange question; but as an avid reader; I can't do without my books. I have taught in six different countries and in two I received less than a third of my Amazon orders.,Where can I find Brer Rabbit books?. Where can I find Enid Blyton's hardbound Brer Rabit book series for children? I had all the Brer Rabbit books as a kid now I can't find any in the Book stores. It was fun to read and I want to give it to some kids at home. Can any one suggest a book store having them please?,Irrelevant
1349,Q77_R7,Q77_R9,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,Irrelevant
1350,Q77_R7,Q77_R16,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,Irrelevant
1351,Q77_R7,Q77_R20,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],Irrelevant
1352,Q77_R7,Q77_R23,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1353,Q77_R7,Q77_R24,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Irrelevant
1354,Q77_R7,Q77_R30,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1355,Q77_R9,Q77_R16,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,Irrelevant
1356,Q77_R9,Q77_R20,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],Irrelevant
1357,Q77_R9,Q77_R23,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1358,Q77_R9,Q77_R24,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Irrelevant
1359,Q77_R9,Q77_R30,Pregnant but not married. What if your girl friend is pregnant but you’re not yet married and you still want to stay here in doha and you don’t have enough time to prepare for the requirements to get married here; and its not allowed to get married here if you are pregnant; solution is it possible to have vacation and get married there and come back here bringing a marriage certificate? just Curious about this case.,Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1360,Q77_R16,Q77_R20,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],Irrelevant
1361,Q77_R16,Q77_R23,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1362,Q77_R16,Q77_R24,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Irrelevant
1363,Q77_R16,Q77_R30,Why Marriage Important in the Life...?. Dear all Marriage important part of the life so why?,Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1364,Q77_R20,Q77_R23,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1365,Q77_R20,Q77_R24,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Irrelevant
1366,Q77_R20,Q77_R30,Arrange marriage or Love marriage ??. What would you prefer ? Comments would be highly appreciable :],Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1367,Q77_R23,Q77_R24,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Irrelevant
1368,Q77_R23,Q77_R30,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1369,Q77_R24,Q77_R30,NOC for getting married???. Does one need a NOC from the sponsoring company for getting married??? What is this delirium now? I thought it was a joke.. but people are actually answering seriously.. http://www.qatarliving.com/answers/living-in-qatar/please-give-me-sample-noc-for-marriage,Is there any Pinay OB GYN here in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
1370,Q79_R6,Q79_R35,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1371,Q80_R23,Q80_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Irrelevant
1372,Q80_R23,Q80_R45,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,Irrelevant
1373,Q80_R23,Q80_R53,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
1374,Q80_R23,Q80_R61,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
1375,Q80_R23,Q80_R63,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
1376,Q80_R23,Q80_R79,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1377,Q80_R39,Q80_R45,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,Irrelevant
1378,Q80_R39,Q80_R53,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
1379,Q80_R39,Q80_R61,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
1380,Q80_R39,Q80_R63,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
1381,Q80_R39,Q80_R79,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1382,Q80_R45,Q80_R53,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
1383,Q80_R45,Q80_R61,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
1384,Q80_R45,Q80_R63,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
1385,Q80_R45,Q80_R79,Salary 8000 QR. Hi; I have been offered a salary of 8000 QR Per month along with double bedroom accommodation; I will be staying here alone by leaving my family in India. Car allowance is provided by the organization. Please advice if this is a good one to save? Assuming that I cook by myself rather than spending for food outside?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1386,Q80_R53,Q80_R61,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Irrelevant
1387,Q80_R53,Q80_R63,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
1388,Q80_R53,Q80_R79,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1389,Q80_R61,Q80_R63,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
1390,Q80_R61,Q80_R79,Residency Test for Dubai. Ok; I'm not sure how much truth there is in this as I heard it on QBS last night and can't seem to find any articles about it; BUT; apprantely Dubai is passing a law requiring anyone applying for residency to pass a cultural awareness test. What says you? Good idea or Bad?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1391,Q80_R63,Q80_R79,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
1392,Q81_R7,Q81_R21,When is it considered jumping the red light?. If the red light turns red while in the middle of intersection; is it considered jumping the red light? If you stop past the white line; is it considered jumping the red light? My husband told me that if you stop past the white line; even if you did not cross the intersection; the sensor will detect your car as beating the red light. Is it true? Thank you for your enlightenment. NINA,Incorrect Traffic Violation. I have a METRASH message this mornng to say i was doing 138km/h and have a Qr900 fine. A few issues; i was in bed at the time it states; I wasnt in the area; and I dont drive that fast! What are the chances of be disputing this at the traffic police?,Irrelevant
1393,Q81_R7,Q81_R39,When is it considered jumping the red light?. If the red light turns red while in the middle of intersection; is it considered jumping the red light? If you stop past the white line; is it considered jumping the red light? My husband told me that if you stop past the white line; even if you did not cross the intersection; the sensor will detect your car as beating the red light. Is it true? Thank you for your enlightenment. NINA,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
1394,Q81_R21,Q81_R39,Incorrect Traffic Violation. I have a METRASH message this mornng to say i was doing 138km/h and have a Qr900 fine. A few issues; i was in bed at the time it states; I wasnt in the area; and I dont drive that fast! What are the chances of be disputing this at the traffic police?,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
1395,Q82_R3,Q82_R9,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,Irrelevant
1396,Q82_R3,Q82_R12,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
1397,Q82_R3,Q82_R17,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
1398,Q82_R3,Q82_R19,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Irrelevant
1399,Q82_R3,Q82_R23,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Irrelevant
1400,Q82_R3,Q82_R24,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1401,Q82_R3,Q82_R26,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1402,Q82_R3,Q82_R32,Where to find Islamic books in English?. Does anyone know where I can get good islamic books related to women in English...I tried jarir but they dont have and the some of the islamic libraries I know are shut down now and some of them just have books in Arabic... any suggestions? Thanks in advance and jazakallahu khair,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1403,Q82_R9,Q82_R12,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
1404,Q82_R9,Q82_R17,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
1405,Q82_R9,Q82_R19,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Irrelevant
1406,Q82_R9,Q82_R23,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Irrelevant
1407,Q82_R9,Q82_R24,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1408,Q82_R9,Q82_R26,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1409,Q82_R9,Q82_R32,Booklovers in Qatar Unite!. Are you a booklover? Would you like to read; share and exchange books ? Click on http://qatarbooklovers.blogspot.com and get in touch!,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1410,Q82_R12,Q82_R17,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
1411,Q82_R12,Q82_R19,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Irrelevant
1412,Q82_R12,Q82_R23,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Irrelevant
1413,Q82_R12,Q82_R24,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1414,Q82_R12,Q82_R26,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1415,Q82_R12,Q82_R32,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1416,Q82_R17,Q82_R19,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Irrelevant
1417,Q82_R17,Q82_R23,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Irrelevant
1418,Q82_R17,Q82_R24,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1419,Q82_R17,Q82_R26,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1420,Q82_R17,Q82_R32,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1421,Q82_R19,Q82_R23,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Irrelevant
1422,Q82_R19,Q82_R24,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1423,Q82_R19,Q82_R26,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1424,Q82_R19,Q82_R32,What do you miss from living outside of Doha?. As much as I love cheap gas and driving big cars; I really do miss being able to just get out of my house and going for a nice walk and get some fresh air around town. I love it when the weather is cool enough for you to not sweat but not cool to the point where you need a sweater; just a nice cool breeze. Oh the small things we take for granted!,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1425,Q82_R23,Q82_R24,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
1426,Q82_R23,Q82_R26,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1427,Q82_R23,Q82_R32,carrefour now selling bags to customers;. hi qler; i am sure some of you already know ;that carrefour dont give free plastic bags anymore. what do u think about this ideal?,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1428,Q82_R24,Q82_R26,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Irrelevant
1429,Q82_R24,Q82_R32,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1430,Q82_R26,Q82_R32,Any class for US communicative English. where i can get a home tutor or group classes from highly skilled US English tutor for communicative English;with less fees structure?,Zimbabwe Vs Rwanda. last night BBC News predicted a simillar situation like Rwendan Geonaside in Zimbabwe in the near future. What do you think??????????,Irrelevant
1431,Q83_R31,Q83_R34,Shiping CAR from Qatar to India. I am using Nissan Altima for past two years. I am planning to settle back India. Is it possible to ship my car to India? Is it advisable. Any one did earlier.,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
1432,Q83_R31,Q83_R46,Shiping CAR from Qatar to India. I am using Nissan Altima for past two years. I am planning to settle back India. Is it possible to ship my car to India? Is it advisable. Any one did earlier.,Downpayment Rule on a Car Loan. Hi Guys; We are looking for a brand new car and I was told that we need to make a downpayment of around 10%-20% of the car's selling price so we can avail of a car loan. Unless you are a Qatari then you don't need to pay a down payment. Is this true? Are there any banks that don't require any downpayment to get a car loan? Need your advice. Thanks Ollie,Irrelevant
1433,Q83_R31,Q83_R58,Shiping CAR from Qatar to India. I am using Nissan Altima for past two years. I am planning to settle back India. Is it possible to ship my car to India? Is it advisable. Any one did earlier.,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
1434,Q83_R31,Q83_R59,Shiping CAR from Qatar to India. I am using Nissan Altima for past two years. I am planning to settle back India. Is it possible to ship my car to India? Is it advisable. Any one did earlier.,Car rental prices in Doha. Looking to rent some cars long-term (at least 6 months) from a reputable rental company in Doha. Currently our company is using Al Muftah and I can&#39;t believe how they tout their ISO certification given the poor service and lack of coordination they offer. Looking for Honda Civic; Mazda 3; Chevy Optra; etc. type sedan/saloon cars. What&#39;s your company and what is your pricing for these types of rentals? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1435,Q83_R31,Q83_R65,Shiping CAR from Qatar to India. I am using Nissan Altima for past two years. I am planning to settle back India. Is it possible to ship my car to India? Is it advisable. Any one did earlier.,Best 4x4 for Doha conditions. We are weighing up a couple of car options and I'm keen to hear more from drivers of these cars; and their pros and cons. Basically we're tossing up between the new Jeep Cherokee and the new Volvo XC60. Other than the fact that the Volvo is more expensive; which is the better car for Doha? The heat; the safety; resale value; value for money; service and parts; etc?,Irrelevant
1436,Q83_R34,Q83_R46,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Downpayment Rule on a Car Loan. Hi Guys; We are looking for a brand new car and I was told that we need to make a downpayment of around 10%-20% of the car's selling price so we can avail of a car loan. Unless you are a Qatari then you don't need to pay a down payment. Is this true? Are there any banks that don't require any downpayment to get a car loan? Need your advice. Thanks Ollie,Irrelevant
1437,Q83_R34,Q83_R58,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
1438,Q83_R34,Q83_R59,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Car rental prices in Doha. Looking to rent some cars long-term (at least 6 months) from a reputable rental company in Doha. Currently our company is using Al Muftah and I can&#39;t believe how they tout their ISO certification given the poor service and lack of coordination they offer. Looking for Honda Civic; Mazda 3; Chevy Optra; etc. type sedan/saloon cars. What&#39;s your company and what is your pricing for these types of rentals? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1439,Q83_R34,Q83_R65,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Best 4x4 for Doha conditions. We are weighing up a couple of car options and I'm keen to hear more from drivers of these cars; and their pros and cons. Basically we're tossing up between the new Jeep Cherokee and the new Volvo XC60. Other than the fact that the Volvo is more expensive; which is the better car for Doha? The heat; the safety; resale value; value for money; service and parts; etc?,Irrelevant
1440,Q83_R46,Q83_R58,Downpayment Rule on a Car Loan. Hi Guys; We are looking for a brand new car and I was told that we need to make a downpayment of around 10%-20% of the car's selling price so we can avail of a car loan. Unless you are a Qatari then you don't need to pay a down payment. Is this true? Are there any banks that don't require any downpayment to get a car loan? Need your advice. Thanks Ollie,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
1441,Q83_R46,Q83_R59,Downpayment Rule on a Car Loan. Hi Guys; We are looking for a brand new car and I was told that we need to make a downpayment of around 10%-20% of the car's selling price so we can avail of a car loan. Unless you are a Qatari then you don't need to pay a down payment. Is this true? Are there any banks that don't require any downpayment to get a car loan? Need your advice. Thanks Ollie,Car rental prices in Doha. Looking to rent some cars long-term (at least 6 months) from a reputable rental company in Doha. Currently our company is using Al Muftah and I can&#39;t believe how they tout their ISO certification given the poor service and lack of coordination they offer. Looking for Honda Civic; Mazda 3; Chevy Optra; etc. type sedan/saloon cars. What&#39;s your company and what is your pricing for these types of rentals? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1442,Q83_R46,Q83_R65,Downpayment Rule on a Car Loan. Hi Guys; We are looking for a brand new car and I was told that we need to make a downpayment of around 10%-20% of the car's selling price so we can avail of a car loan. Unless you are a Qatari then you don't need to pay a down payment. Is this true? Are there any banks that don't require any downpayment to get a car loan? Need your advice. Thanks Ollie,Best 4x4 for Doha conditions. We are weighing up a couple of car options and I'm keen to hear more from drivers of these cars; and their pros and cons. Basically we're tossing up between the new Jeep Cherokee and the new Volvo XC60. Other than the fact that the Volvo is more expensive; which is the better car for Doha? The heat; the safety; resale value; value for money; service and parts; etc?,Irrelevant
1443,Q83_R58,Q83_R59,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Car rental prices in Doha. Looking to rent some cars long-term (at least 6 months) from a reputable rental company in Doha. Currently our company is using Al Muftah and I can&#39;t believe how they tout their ISO certification given the poor service and lack of coordination they offer. Looking for Honda Civic; Mazda 3; Chevy Optra; etc. type sedan/saloon cars. What&#39;s your company and what is your pricing for these types of rentals? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1444,Q83_R58,Q83_R65,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Best 4x4 for Doha conditions. We are weighing up a couple of car options and I'm keen to hear more from drivers of these cars; and their pros and cons. Basically we're tossing up between the new Jeep Cherokee and the new Volvo XC60. Other than the fact that the Volvo is more expensive; which is the better car for Doha? The heat; the safety; resale value; value for money; service and parts; etc?,Irrelevant
1445,Q83_R59,Q83_R65,Car rental prices in Doha. Looking to rent some cars long-term (at least 6 months) from a reputable rental company in Doha. Currently our company is using Al Muftah and I can&#39;t believe how they tout their ISO certification given the poor service and lack of coordination they offer. Looking for Honda Civic; Mazda 3; Chevy Optra; etc. type sedan/saloon cars. What&#39;s your company and what is your pricing for these types of rentals? Thanks!,Best 4x4 for Doha conditions. We are weighing up a couple of car options and I'm keen to hear more from drivers of these cars; and their pros and cons. Basically we're tossing up between the new Jeep Cherokee and the new Volvo XC60. Other than the fact that the Volvo is more expensive; which is the better car for Doha? The heat; the safety; resale value; value for money; service and parts; etc?,Irrelevant
1446,Q84_R18,Q84_R28,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Signing up for a gym?. Hi I will be arriving to Doha next week. Where is there a good gym where I can use a treadmill for running? Is there usually a limit on running on the treadmill; ie. 30minutes maximum time? Is there a gym without these limits. I look so much forward to going to Doha. Thomas,Irrelevant
1447,Q84_R18,Q84_R36,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Gym or fitness centres. Does anybody know an inexpensive gym or fitness centre where I can go for less that 300 riyals a month. Do they even exist? I wanna get fit but the ones I have found are all way too expensive...... like 600 a month!!!!!,Irrelevant
1448,Q84_R18,Q84_R61,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,enegie qatar fitness gym along Airport Road. Last week; it was posted in Gulf Times about the new fitness center in Qatar which is energie qatar fitness center. Where in Airport Road. I didn't find any sign boards....Any idea folks?,Irrelevant
1449,Q84_R18,Q84_R65,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
1450,Q84_R18,Q84_R76,what is the best gym???. what is the best gym and where is the location and how much it cost in one month ???,Wheres best for bikini waxing?. Hi ladies does anyone know the best place to get a bikini wax?,Irrelevant
1451,Q84_R28,Q84_R36,Signing up for a gym?. Hi I will be arriving to Doha next week. Where is there a good gym where I can use a treadmill for running? Is there usually a limit on running on the treadmill; ie. 30minutes maximum time? Is there a gym without these limits. I look so much forward to going to Doha. Thomas,Gym or fitness centres. Does anybody know an inexpensive gym or fitness centre where I can go for less that 300 riyals a month. Do they even exist? I wanna get fit but the ones I have found are all way too expensive...... like 600 a month!!!!!,Irrelevant
1452,Q84_R28,Q84_R61,Signing up for a gym?. Hi I will be arriving to Doha next week. Where is there a good gym where I can use a treadmill for running? Is there usually a limit on running on the treadmill; ie. 30minutes maximum time? Is there a gym without these limits. I look so much forward to going to Doha. Thomas,enegie qatar fitness gym along Airport Road. Last week; it was posted in Gulf Times about the new fitness center in Qatar which is energie qatar fitness center. Where in Airport Road. I didn't find any sign boards....Any idea folks?,Irrelevant
1453,Q84_R28,Q84_R65,Signing up for a gym?. Hi I will be arriving to Doha next week. Where is there a good gym where I can use a treadmill for running? Is there usually a limit on running on the treadmill; ie. 30minutes maximum time? Is there a gym without these limits. I look so much forward to going to Doha. Thomas,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
1454,Q84_R28,Q84_R76,Signing up for a gym?. Hi I will be arriving to Doha next week. Where is there a good gym where I can use a treadmill for running? Is there usually a limit on running on the treadmill; ie. 30minutes maximum time? Is there a gym without these limits. I look so much forward to going to Doha. Thomas,Wheres best for bikini waxing?. Hi ladies does anyone know the best place to get a bikini wax?,Irrelevant
1455,Q84_R36,Q84_R61,Gym or fitness centres. Does anybody know an inexpensive gym or fitness centre where I can go for less that 300 riyals a month. Do they even exist? I wanna get fit but the ones I have found are all way too expensive...... like 600 a month!!!!!,enegie qatar fitness gym along Airport Road. Last week; it was posted in Gulf Times about the new fitness center in Qatar which is energie qatar fitness center. Where in Airport Road. I didn't find any sign boards....Any idea folks?,Irrelevant
1456,Q84_R36,Q84_R65,Gym or fitness centres. Does anybody know an inexpensive gym or fitness centre where I can go for less that 300 riyals a month. Do they even exist? I wanna get fit but the ones I have found are all way too expensive...... like 600 a month!!!!!,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
1457,Q84_R36,Q84_R76,Gym or fitness centres. Does anybody know an inexpensive gym or fitness centre where I can go for less that 300 riyals a month. Do they even exist? I wanna get fit but the ones I have found are all way too expensive...... like 600 a month!!!!!,Wheres best for bikini waxing?. Hi ladies does anyone know the best place to get a bikini wax?,Irrelevant
1458,Q84_R61,Q84_R65,enegie qatar fitness gym along Airport Road. Last week; it was posted in Gulf Times about the new fitness center in Qatar which is energie qatar fitness center. Where in Airport Road. I didn't find any sign boards....Any idea folks?,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
1459,Q84_R61,Q84_R76,enegie qatar fitness gym along Airport Road. Last week; it was posted in Gulf Times about the new fitness center in Qatar which is energie qatar fitness center. Where in Airport Road. I didn't find any sign boards....Any idea folks?,Wheres best for bikini waxing?. Hi ladies does anyone know the best place to get a bikini wax?,Irrelevant
1460,Q84_R65,Q84_R76,Lady fitness. Does anybody knows a lady fitness center; exept the one at salwa road? thanks for your help.,Wheres best for bikini waxing?. Hi ladies does anyone know the best place to get a bikini wax?,Irrelevant
1461,Q85_R8,Q85_R18,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,Irrelevant
1462,Q85_R8,Q85_R37,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Irrelevant
1463,Q85_R8,Q85_R45,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Irrelevant
1464,Q85_R8,Q85_R58,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
1465,Q85_R8,Q85_R65,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
1466,Q85_R8,Q85_R83,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1467,Q85_R8,Q85_R84,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1468,Q85_R18,Q85_R37,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Irrelevant
1469,Q85_R18,Q85_R45,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Irrelevant
1470,Q85_R18,Q85_R58,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
1471,Q85_R18,Q85_R65,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
1472,Q85_R18,Q85_R83,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1473,Q85_R18,Q85_R84,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1474,Q85_R37,Q85_R45,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Irrelevant
1475,Q85_R37,Q85_R58,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
1476,Q85_R37,Q85_R65,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
1477,Q85_R37,Q85_R83,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1478,Q85_R37,Q85_R84,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1479,Q85_R45,Q85_R58,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
1480,Q85_R45,Q85_R65,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
1481,Q85_R45,Q85_R83,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1482,Q85_R45,Q85_R84,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1483,Q85_R58,Q85_R65,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
1484,Q85_R58,Q85_R83,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1485,Q85_R58,Q85_R84,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1486,Q85_R65,Q85_R83,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
1487,Q85_R65,Q85_R84,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1488,Q85_R83,Q85_R84,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),what to do to increase a underweight newborn baby's weight?. my baby boy is 7 days old.At the time of birth his weight was 2.1kg..he is perfactly healthy but i m little worried aboout his weight.my wife is breastfeeding him and we have arrenged one housemaid to give massage to him.Can any one tell me that what should we do to increase his weight?,Irrelevant
1489,Q86_R45,Q86_R52,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Irrelevant
1490,Q86_R45,Q86_R63,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,Irrelevant
1491,Q86_R45,Q86_R67,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,Irrelevant
1492,Q86_R45,Q86_R70,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,Irrelevant
1493,Q86_R45,Q86_R81,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Irrelevant
1494,Q86_R45,Q86_R85,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1495,Q86_R52,Q86_R63,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,Irrelevant
1496,Q86_R52,Q86_R67,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,Irrelevant
1497,Q86_R52,Q86_R70,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,Irrelevant
1498,Q86_R52,Q86_R81,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Irrelevant
1499,Q86_R52,Q86_R85,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1500,Q86_R63,Q86_R67,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,Irrelevant
1501,Q86_R63,Q86_R70,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,Irrelevant
1502,Q86_R63,Q86_R81,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Irrelevant
1503,Q86_R63,Q86_R85,Compound or Stand Alone. Could anyone tell me which is better: compound or stand alone villa? We originally thought we would live in a stand alone but it seems that most expats live in compounds. Is it for security? Or just a matter of preference? I would appreciate any advice. Thanks. Michelle,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1504,Q86_R67,Q86_R70,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,Irrelevant
1505,Q86_R67,Q86_R81,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Irrelevant
1506,Q86_R67,Q86_R85,alfardan gardens. I am moving to Qatar in March and presently looking for a compound villa which I can AFFORD!!!!! Does anyone know how much a 3 bed fully furnished villa in Alfardan Gardens costs and is it a good compound to stay in with 2 young children?,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1507,Q86_R70,Q86_R81,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Irrelevant
1508,Q86_R70,Q86_R85,I need Swimming Lessons. Where can I enroll swimming lessons school here in doha? please let me know. tnx,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1509,Q86_R81,Q86_R85,very lost... outdoor birthday party?. My son will be turning 4 very soon and since we all are so bored from the standard birthday party formula (KFC; McDOnalds; Burger King; Jungle Zone;...); I was thinking of doing it outdoor; to enjoy the good weather. But I am not sure where. I am a bit reluctant to make it in open parks because it will be very crowded on weekends. Do you know of any nice outdoor venue that could accomodate around 40 kids + 40 adults; that's available for rent? Please help!,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1510,Q87_R32,Q87_R35,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ?. END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ? dear QL'ers; i wish to know how is gratuity calculated in Qatar Government/Authority offices. the knowledge i have is that; it should be....... (number of years worked) x (last basic salary) date of joined- 2001,Irrelevant
1511,Q87_R32,Q87_R37,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1512,Q87_R32,Q87_R42,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1513,Q87_R32,Q87_R56,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,NOC from employers who wouldn't release. Hi Guys! I need to ask from you what to do if you need your NOC for you to move to a higher paying and better job if the company you are working doesnt want to release it? Im very much wanting to get a good paying job. Im kinda tight up with the contract that I have in my present job. I would appreciate it very much for any advise. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1514,Q87_R32,Q87_R61,AFTER RESIGNATION BENIFITS AS PER QATAR LAW. I AM WORKING IN QATAR ON LAST 6 YEARS; MY PRESENT SALARY 5000 QR; I WOULD LIKE TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB AND SETTLE BACK TO MY NATIV COUNTRY; CAN U PLEASE ADVISE ME WHAT KIND OF BENEFITS I CAN EXPECT ACCORDING TO QATAR LABOR LAW. (IS IT COMPANY CAN GIVE THE GRATUITY TOGETHER WITH MONTHLY SALARY IS IT ALLOW BY THE LAW HERE) IF I GO LEGAL ACTION AGAINST COMPANY ANY USE?? PLEASE ADVISE,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1515,Q87_R35,Q87_R37,END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ?. END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ? dear QL'ers; i wish to know how is gratuity calculated in Qatar Government/Authority offices. the knowledge i have is that; it should be....... (number of years worked) x (last basic salary) date of joined- 2001,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
1516,Q87_R35,Q87_R42,END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ?. END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ? dear QL'ers; i wish to know how is gratuity calculated in Qatar Government/Authority offices. the knowledge i have is that; it should be....... (number of years worked) x (last basic salary) date of joined- 2001,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1517,Q87_R35,Q87_R56,END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ?. END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ? dear QL'ers; i wish to know how is gratuity calculated in Qatar Government/Authority offices. the knowledge i have is that; it should be....... (number of years worked) x (last basic salary) date of joined- 2001,NOC from employers who wouldn't release. Hi Guys! I need to ask from you what to do if you need your NOC for you to move to a higher paying and better job if the company you are working doesnt want to release it? Im very much wanting to get a good paying job. Im kinda tight up with the contract that I have in my present job. I would appreciate it very much for any advise. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1518,Q87_R35,Q87_R61,END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ?. END OF SERVICE BENEFITS --- GRATUITY --- CALCULATION ? dear QL'ers; i wish to know how is gratuity calculated in Qatar Government/Authority offices. the knowledge i have is that; it should be....... (number of years worked) x (last basic salary) date of joined- 2001,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1519,Q87_R37,Q87_R42,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1520,Q87_R37,Q87_R56,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,NOC from employers who wouldn't release. Hi Guys! I need to ask from you what to do if you need your NOC for you to move to a higher paying and better job if the company you are working doesnt want to release it? Im very much wanting to get a good paying job. Im kinda tight up with the contract that I have in my present job. I would appreciate it very much for any advise. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1521,Q87_R37,Q87_R61,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1522,Q87_R42,Q87_R56,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,NOC from employers who wouldn't release. Hi Guys! I need to ask from you what to do if you need your NOC for you to move to a higher paying and better job if the company you are working doesnt want to release it? Im very much wanting to get a good paying job. Im kinda tight up with the contract that I have in my present job. I would appreciate it very much for any advise. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1523,Q87_R42,Q87_R61,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1524,Q87_R56,Q87_R61,NOC from employers who wouldn't release. Hi Guys! I need to ask from you what to do if you need your NOC for you to move to a higher paying and better job if the company you are working doesnt want to release it? Im very much wanting to get a good paying job. Im kinda tight up with the contract that I have in my present job. I would appreciate it very much for any advise. Thanks!,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1525,Q88_R20,Q88_R27,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,Irrelevant
1526,Q88_R20,Q88_R32,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Irrelevant
1527,Q88_R20,Q88_R41,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Irrelevant
1528,Q88_R20,Q88_R44,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Irrelevant
1529,Q88_R20,Q88_R49,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
1530,Q88_R20,Q88_R57,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1531,Q88_R20,Q88_R58,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1532,Q88_R20,Q88_R59,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1533,Q88_R20,Q88_R62,A Question of a relation ship !!!. guyz and girls; i have a bf; we recently met....everything was goin gr8 and crystal but lately its not!! i mean he is gettin further and not showin his past usual care although no major problems appearing; he just says its work issues!! wat u think; is he a player; does he have a real execuse or its just a lack of chemistry in between us ?!!!,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1534,Q88_R27,Q88_R32,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Irrelevant
1535,Q88_R27,Q88_R41,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Irrelevant
1536,Q88_R27,Q88_R44,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Irrelevant
1537,Q88_R27,Q88_R49,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
1538,Q88_R27,Q88_R57,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1539,Q88_R27,Q88_R58,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1540,Q88_R27,Q88_R59,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1541,Q88_R27,Q88_R62,Syria - Shades of Libya. is the next "phase" about to begin ? Will we see the same model as used in Libya ? After meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that the U.S. and Turkey will explore new ways to assist the Syrian rebels; and said that the two countries are studying a range of options including the the use of a no-fly zone.,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1542,Q88_R32,Q88_R41,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Irrelevant
1543,Q88_R32,Q88_R44,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Irrelevant
1544,Q88_R32,Q88_R49,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
1545,Q88_R32,Q88_R57,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1546,Q88_R32,Q88_R58,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1547,Q88_R32,Q88_R59,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1548,Q88_R32,Q88_R62,No abuse in Qatar. There is no need for exploited women and children's shelters. They only exist to comply with international agreements. Who says this? An official from a women's shelter. http://qatarjournal.com/article.pl?sid=07/06/16/162201,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1549,Q88_R41,Q88_R44,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Irrelevant
1550,Q88_R41,Q88_R49,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
1551,Q88_R41,Q88_R57,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1552,Q88_R41,Q88_R58,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1553,Q88_R41,Q88_R59,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1554,Q88_R41,Q88_R62,India is in Trouble.... Population: 110 crore 9 crore retired 37 crore in state Govt; 20 crore in central Govt. (Both categories don't work) 1 crore IT professional (don't work for India ) 25 crore in school 1 crore are under 5 years 15 crore unemployed 1.2 crore u can find anytime in hospitals Statistics says u find 79;99;998 people anytime in jail The Balance two are U & Me. U are busy " checking Mails /sending fwds.. "..!! HOW CAN I HANDLE INDIA alone ?,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1555,Q88_R44,Q88_R49,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
1556,Q88_R44,Q88_R57,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1557,Q88_R44,Q88_R58,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1558,Q88_R44,Q88_R59,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1559,Q88_R44,Q88_R62,Inspired to save cats. I have heard about a cat coalition here in Doha. Does anyone know anything about it? Seeing all these stray cats makes me want to do something for them. Any suggestions people have to help the cats in doha would be greatly appreciated. I was thinking of setting water out for them And grabbing some cat food.,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1560,Q88_R49,Q88_R57,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Irrelevant
1561,Q88_R49,Q88_R58,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1562,Q88_R49,Q88_R59,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1563,Q88_R49,Q88_R62,Beauty Salon provide Cellulite Treatment. Hi peeps; Its been awhile I dont ask any question here; okay this one is for my friend. She want to know where is salon can provide cellulite treatment??? please give me info. She is dying to do it. Appreciated your response. Thanks in advance.,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1564,Q88_R57,Q88_R58,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Irrelevant
1565,Q88_R57,Q88_R59,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1566,Q88_R57,Q88_R62,How did you guys find your passion in life?. How did you guys find your passion in life? (Job/career) How long and how did you find what you love to do and make it into a career? I like using the computer and exploring how operating systems work; but I also like law; but I'm not sure what to make of that for a career. How did you guys come to know what your passion is?,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1567,Q88_R58,Q88_R59,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Irrelevant
1568,Q88_R58,Q88_R62,Vote Ur Best Cartoon character!. Could you name fifty famous cartoon characters off the top of your head? I didn’t think I could … until I got started. I’d wager if you are over 20 years old; you would recognize and know every single one of these characters. For real; every single one! So;Who is your greatest cartoon characters of all time? In no particular order; let’s get this started! ((-:,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1569,Q88_R59,Q88_R62,What's her shoes saying to you?. Definitely The Qatari Local Eve; is in love with her high heels more than anything else in the world!. Just walking down the old Souq corridors and streets ; and watching all these beautifully dressed up local girls warped up in Abayas of various designs; walking in towering sky-high pumps and none-Abaya girls in cool-girl boots; can teases the senses of the most cold-hearted of men. So what do guys think of the local girls?,Flash Mob?. Is there any interest in setting up a flash mob here in Doha? Anyone interested; PM me. If you don't know what it is; you can find videos from previous flash mob activities on youtube. Also on wikipedia.,Irrelevant
1570,Q89_R11,Q89_R13,Points Opinion and Violent Reactions..... what will you do if your ex-fiance will follow you here in Doha... at first his purpose is to win you back but since you have showed that you are now happy with out him... what will be your initial reaction... and what will you feel??? is it normal to feel shocked and be confused? and if that's the same feeling that hit's you... meaning do you still love the person?,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Irrelevant
1571,Q89_R11,Q89_R19,Points Opinion and Violent Reactions..... what will you do if your ex-fiance will follow you here in Doha... at first his purpose is to win you back but since you have showed that you are now happy with out him... what will be your initial reaction... and what will you feel??? is it normal to feel shocked and be confused? and if that's the same feeling that hit's you... meaning do you still love the person?,Are British TV channels available in Qatar?. Can anyone advise or help me with regards getting/recieving english channels such as ITV or BBC??,Irrelevant
1572,Q89_R11,Q89_R23,Points Opinion and Violent Reactions..... what will you do if your ex-fiance will follow you here in Doha... at first his purpose is to win you back but since you have showed that you are now happy with out him... what will be your initial reaction... and what will you feel??? is it normal to feel shocked and be confused? and if that's the same feeling that hit's you... meaning do you still love the person?,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1573,Q89_R11,Q89_R35,Points Opinion and Violent Reactions..... what will you do if your ex-fiance will follow you here in Doha... at first his purpose is to win you back but since you have showed that you are now happy with out him... what will be your initial reaction... and what will you feel??? is it normal to feel shocked and be confused? and if that's the same feeling that hit's you... meaning do you still love the person?,do you think they would enjoy the taste?. am sitting here thinking about a bacon sadwich; as we cant get it here :-( and its one of the best home comforts; i do wonder if muslims; arabs and others would like the taste if they were to try it? what do you think?,Irrelevant
1574,Q89_R11,Q89_R38,Points Opinion and Violent Reactions..... what will you do if your ex-fiance will follow you here in Doha... at first his purpose is to win you back but since you have showed that you are now happy with out him... what will be your initial reaction... and what will you feel??? is it normal to feel shocked and be confused? and if that's the same feeling that hit's you... meaning do you still love the person?,Why do i keep getting electric. shocks when i get out of my car? Does anyone else experince this? its driving my brain!,Irrelevant
1575,Q89_R13,Q89_R19,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Are British TV channels available in Qatar?. Can anyone advise or help me with regards getting/recieving english channels such as ITV or BBC??,Irrelevant
1576,Q89_R13,Q89_R23,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1577,Q89_R13,Q89_R35,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,do you think they would enjoy the taste?. am sitting here thinking about a bacon sadwich; as we cant get it here :-( and its one of the best home comforts; i do wonder if muslims; arabs and others would like the taste if they were to try it? what do you think?,Irrelevant
1578,Q89_R13,Q89_R38,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Why do i keep getting electric. shocks when i get out of my car? Does anyone else experince this? its driving my brain!,Irrelevant
1579,Q89_R19,Q89_R23,Are British TV channels available in Qatar?. Can anyone advise or help me with regards getting/recieving english channels such as ITV or BBC??,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1580,Q89_R19,Q89_R35,Are British TV channels available in Qatar?. Can anyone advise or help me with regards getting/recieving english channels such as ITV or BBC??,do you think they would enjoy the taste?. am sitting here thinking about a bacon sadwich; as we cant get it here :-( and its one of the best home comforts; i do wonder if muslims; arabs and others would like the taste if they were to try it? what do you think?,Irrelevant
1581,Q89_R19,Q89_R38,Are British TV channels available in Qatar?. Can anyone advise or help me with regards getting/recieving english channels such as ITV or BBC??,Why do i keep getting electric. shocks when i get out of my car? Does anyone else experince this? its driving my brain!,Irrelevant
1582,Q89_R23,Q89_R35,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,do you think they would enjoy the taste?. am sitting here thinking about a bacon sadwich; as we cant get it here :-( and its one of the best home comforts; i do wonder if muslims; arabs and others would like the taste if they were to try it? what do you think?,Irrelevant
1583,Q89_R23,Q89_R38,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Why do i keep getting electric. shocks when i get out of my car? Does anyone else experince this? its driving my brain!,Irrelevant
1584,Q89_R35,Q89_R38,do you think they would enjoy the taste?. am sitting here thinking about a bacon sadwich; as we cant get it here :-( and its one of the best home comforts; i do wonder if muslims; arabs and others would like the taste if they were to try it? what do you think?,Why do i keep getting electric. shocks when i get out of my car? Does anyone else experince this? its driving my brain!,Irrelevant
1585,Q90_R29,Q90_R65,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
1586,Q90_R29,Q90_R67,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Top 10 Places to visit in DUBAI. Hello Frenzz...can anybody suggest top 10 spots to visit in dubai? Can we get any package tour to DUBAI from DOHA????,Irrelevant
1587,Q90_R29,Q90_R71,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,can i use qtel in dubai??. i m going to dubai for eid and wondering if i can make phone calls with qtel there??? do u know anything about this?,Irrelevant
1588,Q90_R65,Q90_R67,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Top 10 Places to visit in DUBAI. Hello Frenzz...can anybody suggest top 10 spots to visit in dubai? Can we get any package tour to DUBAI from DOHA????,Irrelevant
1589,Q90_R65,Q90_R71,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,can i use qtel in dubai??. i m going to dubai for eid and wondering if i can make phone calls with qtel there??? do u know anything about this?,Irrelevant
1590,Q90_R67,Q90_R71,Top 10 Places to visit in DUBAI. Hello Frenzz...can anybody suggest top 10 spots to visit in dubai? Can we get any package tour to DUBAI from DOHA????,can i use qtel in dubai??. i m going to dubai for eid and wondering if i can make phone calls with qtel there??? do u know anything about this?,Irrelevant
1591,Q91_R6,Q91_R9,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1592,Q91_R6,Q91_R10,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Irrelevant
1593,Q91_R6,Q91_R12,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Irrelevant
1594,Q91_R6,Q91_R13,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1595,Q91_R6,Q91_R26,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Irrelevant
1596,Q91_R6,Q91_R29,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1597,Q91_R6,Q91_R37,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1598,Q91_R6,Q91_R41,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1599,Q91_R6,Q91_R42,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1600,Q91_R9,Q91_R10,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Irrelevant
1601,Q91_R9,Q91_R12,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Irrelevant
1602,Q91_R9,Q91_R13,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1603,Q91_R9,Q91_R26,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Irrelevant
1604,Q91_R9,Q91_R29,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1605,Q91_R9,Q91_R37,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1606,Q91_R9,Q91_R41,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1607,Q91_R9,Q91_R42,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1608,Q91_R10,Q91_R12,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Irrelevant
1609,Q91_R10,Q91_R13,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1610,Q91_R10,Q91_R26,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Irrelevant
1611,Q91_R10,Q91_R29,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1612,Q91_R10,Q91_R37,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1613,Q91_R10,Q91_R41,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1614,Q91_R10,Q91_R42,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1615,Q91_R12,Q91_R13,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1616,Q91_R12,Q91_R26,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Irrelevant
1617,Q91_R12,Q91_R29,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1618,Q91_R12,Q91_R37,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1619,Q91_R12,Q91_R41,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1620,Q91_R12,Q91_R42,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1621,Q91_R13,Q91_R26,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Irrelevant
1622,Q91_R13,Q91_R29,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1623,Q91_R13,Q91_R37,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1624,Q91_R13,Q91_R41,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1625,Q91_R13,Q91_R42,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1626,Q91_R26,Q91_R29,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Irrelevant
1627,Q91_R26,Q91_R37,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1628,Q91_R26,Q91_R41,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1629,Q91_R26,Q91_R42,I have a question about working in Qatar. Assalamu Alaikum; I would like to know if I have a permanent residency in Qatar; but not a citizenship; can I invest in the stock market without asking for permission? Also; can I run an online business where I sale my wares (all legal and Halal of course) without asking for permission and without a permit? In other words; do I need a permit to run an online business?,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1630,Q91_R29,Q91_R37,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
1631,Q91_R29,Q91_R41,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1632,Q91_R29,Q91_R42,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1633,Q91_R37,Q91_R41,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Irrelevant
1634,Q91_R37,Q91_R42,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1635,Q91_R41,Q91_R42,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,How do you get a Qatari Passport??. So the other day I was wondering how do people get Qatari passport.. As an indian..I know my chances are pretty slick evn though I was born here..,Irrelevant
1636,Q92_R11,Q92_R15,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1637,Q92_R11,Q92_R18,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Irrelevant
1638,Q92_R11,Q92_R23,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Irrelevant
1639,Q92_R11,Q92_R30,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Irrelevant
1640,Q92_R11,Q92_R31,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Irrelevant
1641,Q92_R11,Q92_R32,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1642,Q92_R11,Q92_R37,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1643,Q92_R11,Q92_R43,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1644,Q92_R11,Q92_R48,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1645,Q92_R15,Q92_R18,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Irrelevant
1646,Q92_R15,Q92_R23,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Irrelevant
1647,Q92_R15,Q92_R30,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Irrelevant
1648,Q92_R15,Q92_R31,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Irrelevant
1649,Q92_R15,Q92_R32,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1650,Q92_R15,Q92_R37,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1651,Q92_R15,Q92_R43,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1652,Q92_R15,Q92_R48,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1653,Q92_R18,Q92_R23,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Irrelevant
1654,Q92_R18,Q92_R30,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Irrelevant
1655,Q92_R18,Q92_R31,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Irrelevant
1656,Q92_R18,Q92_R32,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1657,Q92_R18,Q92_R37,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1658,Q92_R18,Q92_R43,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1659,Q92_R18,Q92_R48,Difficult women choice!!!. If a woman has to choose between catching a flying ball and saving an infant's life; she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. Is that true?? what would you choose ? (for those who understand the quote),Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1660,Q92_R23,Q92_R30,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Irrelevant
1661,Q92_R23,Q92_R31,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Irrelevant
1662,Q92_R23,Q92_R32,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1663,Q92_R23,Q92_R37,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1664,Q92_R23,Q92_R43,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1665,Q92_R23,Q92_R48,Finding difficult to get a job. hi! I am an Indian female having 4 yrs exp in accounts field. As adviced by friends i uploaded my CV in jobs section; but i am not getting any response. Need a job very much. Can someone advice me??,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1666,Q92_R30,Q92_R31,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Irrelevant
1667,Q92_R30,Q92_R32,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1668,Q92_R30,Q92_R37,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1669,Q92_R30,Q92_R43,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1670,Q92_R30,Q92_R48,why its difficult to understand men?. Is this because they are not expressive? Do men control their feelings even they love their girlfriends? If he told you better to find another man do they really mean it? If he told you its not you; you are not the problem; you are too kind; the problem is in me.... what he means? ... for me its a sign that he dont love his girlfriend anymore but I want to know if there are other answers/ reasons behind that,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1671,Q92_R31,Q92_R32,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Irrelevant
1672,Q92_R31,Q92_R37,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1673,Q92_R31,Q92_R43,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1674,Q92_R31,Q92_R48,Is it this difficult or it's bad luck?. Hallo; I have been sending c.v. but till now not even a single call? Any advice how to get a job? I am a teacher.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1675,Q92_R32,Q92_R37,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Irrelevant
1676,Q92_R32,Q92_R43,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1677,Q92_R32,Q92_R48,Starting a small business - why so difficult?. There are soooooo many "under the radar" small businesses here in Qatar; largely (I believe) because the requirements for starting a business are positively daunting to most people. Does Qatar have any thoughts of lowering these hurdles to encourage small businesses to establish and grow in Doha? Are there any legal ways to circumvent the requirements? Thanks; Expat Sueño,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1678,Q92_R37,Q92_R43,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Irrelevant
1679,Q92_R37,Q92_R48,Accounting.Why it is so difficult to learn?. I should learn it for my diploma but i dont know how. It is so boring and is getting me crazy with all those numbers and additions or subtractions and;and;and... Can someone here advice me how to put it in my mind??? Thx in advance. Now im gona having a beer. Cheers.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1680,Q92_R43,Q92_R48,Best Way to Meet New People..... Hey; I'm moving from Chicago to Doha sometime late July; and was wondering what was the best way to meet new people. I'm 23 years old; so would love to have a group of friends to hang out when I'm not at work or on the weekends. I'm a Muslim; so don't really go out too much to bars/clubs/parties; but am still a social guy. Any advice on the best ways to meet new people? Thanks.,Atheism in Qatar and in Muslim world. How is atheism regarded in Qatar and in the Muslim world in general? Do atheists in Qatar face official discrmination?,Irrelevant
1681,Q93_R13,Q93_R16,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1682,Q93_R13,Q93_R24,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Irrelevant
1683,Q93_R13,Q93_R34,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Irrelevant
1684,Q93_R13,Q93_R35,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1685,Q93_R13,Q93_R46,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Irrelevant
1686,Q93_R13,Q93_R47,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1687,Q93_R13,Q93_R48,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1688,Q93_R13,Q93_R51,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1689,Q93_R13,Q93_R53,Tourist visa Extension. Is it possible to extend the  tourist visa (through hotel) after one month stay in qatar?,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1690,Q93_R16,Q93_R24,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Irrelevant
1691,Q93_R16,Q93_R34,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Irrelevant
1692,Q93_R16,Q93_R35,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1693,Q93_R16,Q93_R46,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Irrelevant
1694,Q93_R16,Q93_R47,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1695,Q93_R16,Q93_R48,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1696,Q93_R16,Q93_R51,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1697,Q93_R16,Q93_R53,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1698,Q93_R24,Q93_R34,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Irrelevant
1699,Q93_R24,Q93_R35,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1700,Q93_R24,Q93_R46,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Irrelevant
1701,Q93_R24,Q93_R47,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1702,Q93_R24,Q93_R48,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1703,Q93_R24,Q93_R51,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1704,Q93_R24,Q93_R53,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1705,Q93_R34,Q93_R35,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1706,Q93_R34,Q93_R46,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Irrelevant
1707,Q93_R34,Q93_R47,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1708,Q93_R34,Q93_R48,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1709,Q93_R34,Q93_R51,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1710,Q93_R34,Q93_R53,SHELL - GTL Offer enquiry.. Hi; Any one from SHELL - GTL; could you please give information? One of my friend who is a Chemical Engineer is likely to get an offer for Shift Supervisor. He has almost 17 years of field experience working for reputed companies in India and Oman. 1. What is the expected level of salary which he should accept? 2. Whether they provide a family status or not?,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1711,Q93_R35,Q93_R46,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Irrelevant
1712,Q93_R35,Q93_R47,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1713,Q93_R35,Q93_R48,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1714,Q93_R35,Q93_R51,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1715,Q93_R35,Q93_R53,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1716,Q93_R46,Q93_R47,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Irrelevant
1717,Q93_R46,Q93_R48,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1718,Q93_R46,Q93_R51,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1719,Q93_R46,Q93_R53,Want to want BBC or ITV; live?. We've been here over 2 years and we're slowly starting to miss the land they call England :( I've just found out that you can watch British TV (bbc1/2/3/4); ITV; C4 & five live through the internet for £20 a month! What a bargain!. This also includes bbc iplayer and around 40 other tv channels. So; the last few nights we've been catching up on some of the UK best shows. Does anyone else watch British TV live? Mimi...,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1720,Q93_R47,Q93_R48,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
1721,Q93_R47,Q93_R51,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1722,Q93_R47,Q93_R53,Battle of our Life Time...are We Ready?. 100 Days to go... for INDEPENDENCE DAY OF INDIA...,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1723,Q93_R48,Q93_R51,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1724,Q93_R48,Q93_R53,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1725,Q93_R51,Q93_R53,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha?. Are there any Packers and Movers in Doha; who does door to door service including customs clearance to transfer household items from Doha to Bangalore (India) on TR?,Irrelevant
1726,Q94_R18,Q94_R30,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Irrelevant
1727,Q94_R18,Q94_R38,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Irrelevant
1728,Q94_R18,Q94_R60,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Irrelevant
1729,Q94_R18,Q94_R74,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1730,Q94_R18,Q94_R81,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Irrelevant
1731,Q94_R18,Q94_R84,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1732,Q94_R18,Q94_R88,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1733,Q94_R18,Q94_R95,Where in Doha can I get pictures made for an biometric passport?!. ,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1734,Q94_R30,Q94_R38,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Irrelevant
1735,Q94_R30,Q94_R60,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Irrelevant
1736,Q94_R30,Q94_R74,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1737,Q94_R30,Q94_R81,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Irrelevant
1738,Q94_R30,Q94_R84,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1739,Q94_R30,Q94_R88,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1740,Q94_R30,Q94_R95,How to Renew Canadian Passports. Hello Canadians! Wondering if any of you has applied for a new passport? Do you know a photographer who can take photos as per passport photos requirements? And what courier I can use to send my application to the canadian consulate in Kuwait? Your help is greatly appreciated; Mayborn,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1741,Q94_R38,Q94_R60,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Irrelevant
1742,Q94_R38,Q94_R74,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1743,Q94_R38,Q94_R81,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Irrelevant
1744,Q94_R38,Q94_R84,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1745,Q94_R38,Q94_R88,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1746,Q94_R38,Q94_R95,What the FAKE!!!!. QL been bombarded by the 'FAKE documents' posts once more. I am amazed by the speed of these spammers. 60+ threads in an hour. Does these spamming really work for them? Yallah QL admins! Get the 'new' look you promised few weeks back; with stern monitoring of spammers. What the FAKE!!!,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1747,Q94_R60,Q94_R74,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1748,Q94_R60,Q94_R81,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Irrelevant
1749,Q94_R60,Q94_R84,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1750,Q94_R60,Q94_R88,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1751,Q94_R60,Q94_R95,Expat with two passport.. Hello all; My friends ( two colleagues) have two passports;because they hold two nationalities. Can such a thing help in case of visa cancel. Can they just use the second passport to find another job and another visa? I think this is not that easy;but I am not sure if you have an answer please don't hesitate to post . Thanks :),What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1752,Q94_R74,Q94_R81,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Irrelevant
1753,Q94_R74,Q94_R84,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1754,Q94_R74,Q94_R88,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1755,Q94_R74,Q94_R95,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1756,Q94_R81,Q94_R84,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Irrelevant
1757,Q94_R81,Q94_R88,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1758,Q94_R81,Q94_R95,Qatar CV format?. Hey everyone; I'm applying for a job in Qatar; and I'm wondering how to format my CV. I already have a suitable CV for the UK; so please could someone let me know if there's any extra information that I need to add to my CV; to meet the standards in Qatar? Thanks in advance! :),What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1759,Q94_R84,Q94_R88,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,Irrelevant
1760,Q94_R84,Q94_R95,park house school. Ive heard that this school has over 3000 on a waiting list. That cant be true. Schooling is a real problem for us. We want places for January do we have a chance with any British schools. Our kids are very sporty and we are from the UK. What about compass??? Any advice gratefully accepted.,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1761,Q94_R88,Q94_R95,Taxes for Canadian Citizen. Seeking information from Canadian Citizen who are working in Qatar: Do you still have to file taxes on income earned in Qatar if you do not want to surrender candian citizenship or is there any escape????,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
1762,Q95_R16,Q95_R21,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1763,Q95_R16,Q95_R41,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
1764,Q95_R16,Q95_R68,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Irrelevant
1765,Q95_R16,Q95_R69,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
1766,Q95_R16,Q95_R70,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
1767,Q95_R16,Q95_R75,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1768,Q95_R16,Q95_R82,New American school coming to Doha?. I heard rumors of a new American based curriculum school coming to Doha. I also just recently took a survey asking me questions about what I would like to see in a new school. Has anyone else heard this and have any info???,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1769,Q95_R21,Q95_R41,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
1770,Q95_R21,Q95_R68,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Irrelevant
1771,Q95_R21,Q95_R69,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
1772,Q95_R21,Q95_R70,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
1773,Q95_R21,Q95_R75,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1774,Q95_R21,Q95_R82,How to start a new business in Doha?. Hi All; does anyone have information about what is required to start up a new business in Doha? How to get a local sponsor? What is required? etc? Which should be the first step of the process? Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1775,Q95_R41,Q95_R68,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Irrelevant
1776,Q95_R41,Q95_R69,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
1777,Q95_R41,Q95_R70,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
1778,Q95_R41,Q95_R75,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1779,Q95_R41,Q95_R82,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1780,Q95_R68,Q95_R69,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
1781,Q95_R68,Q95_R70,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
1782,Q95_R68,Q95_R75,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1783,Q95_R68,Q95_R82,where can I play football in doha ?. Hello everybody; I'm quite new in Doha (2 weeks); and I'm looking for a place to play football. How can I do ? is there any club where I can go to train and perhaps make some competition ? thanks,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1784,Q95_R69,Q95_R70,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
1785,Q95_R69,Q95_R75,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1786,Q95_R69,Q95_R82,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1787,Q95_R70,Q95_R75,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Irrelevant
1788,Q95_R70,Q95_R82,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1789,Q95_R75,Q95_R82,Bleeding Gums; Periodontist in Doha ?. I'm from Canada; recently moved to Qatar. I have gum pain and bleeding. My dentist in canada told me that I have gum disease & I need a " Periodontist " to follow up my condition. Not any denist; but someone who knows well how to treat gum diseases. I'll be thankful if you can tell me where can i find one in Doha. Merci,Zipcode of Doha?. UPDATE: According to QPost ; the official postal services company; Qatar does not use zip codes or post codes. If it is required for an online forms; use 00000 or other random numbers. Hi; Does anyone know what is the Postal Code/Zip Code of Doha... I am searching this in various sites but cud not get it...Please reply if anyone knows....,Irrelevant
1790,Q96_R9,Q96_R12,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,Irrelevant
1791,Q96_R9,Q96_R14,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1792,Q96_R9,Q96_R19,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Irrelevant
1793,Q96_R9,Q96_R21,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Irrelevant
1794,Q96_R9,Q96_R40,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Irrelevant
1795,Q96_R9,Q96_R45,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1796,Q96_R12,Q96_R14,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
1797,Q96_R12,Q96_R19,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Irrelevant
1798,Q96_R12,Q96_R21,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Irrelevant
1799,Q96_R12,Q96_R40,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Irrelevant
1800,Q96_R12,Q96_R45,How Essential Is A Car?. As the title states; how essential is it to have a car when living in Doha? Is it feasible to use taxis for all journeys (e.g work; shopping; going out)? I've only been to Doha once for a 7 day trip and it seems like cars dominate. I should mention that using public transport is out of the question.,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1801,Q96_R14,Q96_R19,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Irrelevant
1802,Q96_R14,Q96_R21,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Irrelevant
1803,Q96_R14,Q96_R40,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Irrelevant
1804,Q96_R14,Q96_R45,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1805,Q96_R19,Q96_R21,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Irrelevant
1806,Q96_R19,Q96_R40,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Irrelevant
1807,Q96_R19,Q96_R45,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1808,Q96_R21,Q96_R40,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Irrelevant
1809,Q96_R21,Q96_R45,SALARY SCALE NOT FAIR. the salary scale in most schools in Qatar is not fair for Asian people. western people are paid almost 4 times higher than asian WHY? what's the reason? i have lots of asian friends who are qualified teachers and hardworking; but are paid less. UNFAIR where is the law of equality? Can you help me and explain further to my WHY?,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1810,Q96_R40,Q96_R45,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
1811,Q97_R15,Q97_R27,Any hope to get discount on Traffic fine 6000. Any hope to get discount on Traffic fine 6000QR???? Hi Friends; One of my friend got violations listed against the car running a red light (7 points and 6000QR)on five months back..there any chance(way) to get reduce the fine??? Pls reply...thanks,Where do I pay a traffic (speeding ticket) fine?. Where do I pay a speeding ticket fine? The www.moi.gov.qa website says that I got my picture taken last month. I've heard that "most people don't pay fines until they come to sell the car"; I've also heard that the fine gets increased by 10% for every month it isn't paid. I'd rather pay now. Thanks!,Irrelevant
1812,Q98_R8,Q98_R18,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Irrelevant
1813,Q98_R8,Q98_R27,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,How do you cope with heat and humidity?. From one of my recent posts I see that doha and mesaieed get very and humid. Tell me qatarians and expats; what do you do to stay cool?,Irrelevant
1814,Q98_R8,Q98_R40,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,i have hair fall what can i do?. hey i am facing a hair fall problem. it's falling everyday like rain drops falling from sky. it's starts falling form last month. am using a brand called nisimindia with olive oil. please give me suggestion about my hair fall.,Irrelevant
1815,Q98_R8,Q98_R53,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Irrelevant
1816,Q98_R8,Q98_R57,I'm getting bald is there any solution?. I'm getting bald is there any solution? my friend told me its due to the shampoo iam using; some say its the water; inhiritance etc.. what really? Do a bald man look awkward? please help me to prevent this.,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Irrelevant
1817,Q98_R18,Q98_R27,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,How do you cope with heat and humidity?. From one of my recent posts I see that doha and mesaieed get very and humid. Tell me qatarians and expats; what do you do to stay cool?,Irrelevant
1818,Q98_R18,Q98_R40,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,i have hair fall what can i do?. hey i am facing a hair fall problem. it's falling everyday like rain drops falling from sky. it's starts falling form last month. am using a brand called nisimindia with olive oil. please give me suggestion about my hair fall.,Irrelevant
1819,Q98_R18,Q98_R53,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Irrelevant
1820,Q98_R18,Q98_R57,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Irrelevant
1821,Q98_R27,Q98_R40,How do you cope with heat and humidity?. From one of my recent posts I see that doha and mesaieed get very and humid. Tell me qatarians and expats; what do you do to stay cool?,i have hair fall what can i do?. hey i am facing a hair fall problem. it's falling everyday like rain drops falling from sky. it's starts falling form last month. am using a brand called nisimindia with olive oil. please give me suggestion about my hair fall.,Irrelevant
1822,Q98_R27,Q98_R53,How do you cope with heat and humidity?. From one of my recent posts I see that doha and mesaieed get very and humid. Tell me qatarians and expats; what do you do to stay cool?,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Irrelevant
1823,Q98_R27,Q98_R57,How do you cope with heat and humidity?. From one of my recent posts I see that doha and mesaieed get very and humid. Tell me qatarians and expats; what do you do to stay cool?,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Irrelevant
1824,Q98_R40,Q98_R53,i have hair fall what can i do?. hey i am facing a hair fall problem. it's falling everyday like rain drops falling from sky. it's starts falling form last month. am using a brand called nisimindia with olive oil. please give me suggestion about my hair fall.,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Irrelevant
1825,Q98_R40,Q98_R57,i have hair fall what can i do?. hey i am facing a hair fall problem. it's falling everyday like rain drops falling from sky. it's starts falling form last month. am using a brand called nisimindia with olive oil. please give me suggestion about my hair fall.,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Irrelevant
1826,Q98_R53,Q98_R57,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Irrelevant
1827,Q99_R18,Q99_R27,Family visit visa query. Is it a requirement to have my name on my wife's passport to get a family visit visa for 6 months? What are the other documents required to get a family visit visa (6 months) and within how many days this visa is issued? Thanks.,Medical Problem any Solution?. My wife is here in Doha came on Family Visit Visa extended upto 7 July 2012; She got a job so I give NOC to change to Work visa but unfortunately Medical Test reasult came UNFIT due to scar in lungs;Is there any solution for this problem? If anyone can help please suggest.,Irrelevant
1828,Q99_R18,Q99_R30,Family visit visa query. Is it a requirement to have my name on my wife's passport to get a family visit visa for 6 months? What are the other documents required to get a family visit visa (6 months) and within how many days this visa is issued? Thanks.,Family Visit Visa. Some question about the Family Visit Visa: 1. What are the documents requirements? 2. What should your minimum salary? 3. Can I apply automatic 6months Fam Visit Visa?or renewal only? 4. Can a Family Visit Visa transferable to working visa if found job here in qatar? thanks for the feeds in advance....,Irrelevant
1829,Q99_R18,Q99_R41,Family visit visa query. Is it a requirement to have my name on my wife's passport to get a family visit visa for 6 months? What are the other documents required to get a family visit visa (6 months) and within how many days this visa is issued? Thanks.,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1830,Q99_R18,Q99_R92,Family visit visa query. Is it a requirement to have my name on my wife's passport to get a family visit visa for 6 months? What are the other documents required to get a family visit visa (6 months) and within how many days this visa is issued? Thanks.,Can anyone help regarding BAN in Qatar .. I came back from Qatar on 25th June 2013 after my company did not renew my contract . Then I entered Qatar on 12 th July for three months with business visa and finally left Qatar on 5th of October 2013 . Can you please tell me when can I again come back to Qatar to work ? I heard that the Ban is not there in Qatar . Is it true ? Please Reply .,Irrelevant
1831,Q99_R27,Q99_R30,Medical Problem any Solution?. My wife is here in Doha came on Family Visit Visa extended upto 7 July 2012; She got a job so I give NOC to change to Work visa but unfortunately Medical Test reasult came UNFIT due to scar in lungs;Is there any solution for this problem? If anyone can help please suggest.,Family Visit Visa. Some question about the Family Visit Visa: 1. What are the documents requirements? 2. What should your minimum salary? 3. Can I apply automatic 6months Fam Visit Visa?or renewal only? 4. Can a Family Visit Visa transferable to working visa if found job here in qatar? thanks for the feeds in advance....,Irrelevant
1832,Q99_R27,Q99_R41,Medical Problem any Solution?. My wife is here in Doha came on Family Visit Visa extended upto 7 July 2012; She got a job so I give NOC to change to Work visa but unfortunately Medical Test reasult came UNFIT due to scar in lungs;Is there any solution for this problem? If anyone can help please suggest.,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1833,Q99_R27,Q99_R92,Medical Problem any Solution?. My wife is here in Doha came on Family Visit Visa extended upto 7 July 2012; She got a job so I give NOC to change to Work visa but unfortunately Medical Test reasult came UNFIT due to scar in lungs;Is there any solution for this problem? If anyone can help please suggest.,Can anyone help regarding BAN in Qatar .. I came back from Qatar on 25th June 2013 after my company did not renew my contract . Then I entered Qatar on 12 th July for three months with business visa and finally left Qatar on 5th of October 2013 . Can you please tell me when can I again come back to Qatar to work ? I heard that the Ban is not there in Qatar . Is it true ? Please Reply .,Irrelevant
1834,Q99_R30,Q99_R41,Family Visit Visa. Some question about the Family Visit Visa: 1. What are the documents requirements? 2. What should your minimum salary? 3. Can I apply automatic 6months Fam Visit Visa?or renewal only? 4. Can a Family Visit Visa transferable to working visa if found job here in qatar? thanks for the feeds in advance....,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
1835,Q99_R30,Q99_R92,Family Visit Visa. Some question about the Family Visit Visa: 1. What are the documents requirements? 2. What should your minimum salary? 3. Can I apply automatic 6months Fam Visit Visa?or renewal only? 4. Can a Family Visit Visa transferable to working visa if found job here in qatar? thanks for the feeds in advance....,Can anyone help regarding BAN in Qatar .. I came back from Qatar on 25th June 2013 after my company did not renew my contract . Then I entered Qatar on 12 th July for three months with business visa and finally left Qatar on 5th of October 2013 . Can you please tell me when can I again come back to Qatar to work ? I heard that the Ban is not there in Qatar . Is it true ? Please Reply .,Irrelevant
1836,Q99_R41,Q99_R92,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Can anyone help regarding BAN in Qatar .. I came back from Qatar on 25th June 2013 after my company did not renew my contract . Then I entered Qatar on 12 th July for three months with business visa and finally left Qatar on 5th of October 2013 . Can you please tell me when can I again come back to Qatar to work ? I heard that the Ban is not there in Qatar . Is it true ? Please Reply .,Irrelevant
1837,Q101_R3,Q101_R15,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1838,Q101_R3,Q101_R22,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Irrelevant
1839,Q101_R3,Q101_R39,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Irrelevant
1840,Q101_R3,Q101_R44,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Irrelevant
1841,Q101_R3,Q101_R45,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
1842,Q101_R3,Q101_R46,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1843,Q101_R3,Q101_R48,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1844,Q101_R3,Q101_R59,Degree certificate. I resigned from my job in Dubai and decided to accept an offer in Qatar. My sponsor informed me that I have to get my degree certificates attested in Qatar embassy. I inquired in Qatar embassy UAE but I was given two options. I can have it attested in Qatar embassy Philippines or Qatar. Do I need to have my degree certificates attested first to apply for my entry visa to Qatar?,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1845,Q101_R15,Q101_R22,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Irrelevant
1846,Q101_R15,Q101_R39,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Irrelevant
1847,Q101_R15,Q101_R44,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Irrelevant
1848,Q101_R15,Q101_R45,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
1849,Q101_R15,Q101_R46,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1850,Q101_R15,Q101_R48,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1851,Q101_R15,Q101_R59,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1852,Q101_R22,Q101_R39,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Irrelevant
1853,Q101_R22,Q101_R44,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Irrelevant
1854,Q101_R22,Q101_R45,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
1855,Q101_R22,Q101_R46,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1856,Q101_R22,Q101_R48,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1857,Q101_R22,Q101_R59,HOW TO GET AN U.K VISA???. can anybody tell me how to get an UK Work Visa??????? Where To Apply?????? formalities????????? cost ...plzzzzzzzzzzzz,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1858,Q101_R39,Q101_R44,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Irrelevant
1859,Q101_R39,Q101_R45,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
1860,Q101_R39,Q101_R46,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1861,Q101_R39,Q101_R48,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1862,Q101_R39,Q101_R59,Who is professionals. Today I had a discussion with my colleagues regarding Professionals; some of them says "Engineers/Doctors and other technical categories only called Professionals" and I also support Bachelors Degree holders are not professionals they are only a Degree holders. Do you agree with this?,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1863,Q101_R44,Q101_R45,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Irrelevant
1864,Q101_R44,Q101_R46,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1865,Q101_R44,Q101_R48,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1866,Q101_R44,Q101_R59,How long does visa take?. Hi all; I was wondering how long it takes to process a work visa for HMC for uk? I have received confirmation from HMC that my credialtialing was completed 6th May and I am now waiting on visa. I was wondering if anyone had any time guidelines/ been in similar situation as I am not getting any clear answers/ timings. Thanks all,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1867,Q101_R45,Q101_R46,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Irrelevant
1868,Q101_R45,Q101_R48,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1869,Q101_R45,Q101_R59,Teaching English?. We are arriving in doha early March and have been thinking that I would like to teach english or something (don't know what the something is yet !) I know english is widely spoken so I am not sure how many opportunities there are for teaching english? Can anyone elaborate and explain what how i'd get started? Thanks !,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1870,Q101_R46,Q101_R48,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
1871,Q101_R46,Q101_R59,How can I get a visit visa? I just wanna try my luck.... I am a filipina who wants to visit Qatar to get a job. i am currently in the Philippines and wanna try my luck there. I had heard from many filipinos there that what they did was to secure a visit visa at first and look for a job there. Then when got accepted; their employers issued them a working visa. How do I go about this? Any idea? Advise? Thanks!,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1872,Q101_R48,Q101_R59,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Irrelevant
1873,Q102_R12,Q102_R13,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,Irrelevant
1874,Q102_R12,Q102_R17,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,Irrelevant
1875,Q102_R12,Q102_R31,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,Irrelevant
1876,Q102_R12,Q102_R34,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,Irrelevant
1877,Q102_R12,Q102_R35,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Irrelevant
1878,Q102_R12,Q102_R41,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1879,Q102_R12,Q102_R69,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1880,Q102_R13,Q102_R17,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,Irrelevant
1881,Q102_R13,Q102_R31,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,Irrelevant
1882,Q102_R13,Q102_R34,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,Irrelevant
1883,Q102_R13,Q102_R35,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Irrelevant
1884,Q102_R13,Q102_R41,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1885,Q102_R13,Q102_R69,Sunglases. 1) Where can I find good sunglasses for under 500QR. 2) Where can I find oakley sunglasses? 3) Which type of sunglasses are "in" these days for men? Beast666,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1886,Q102_R17,Q102_R31,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,Irrelevant
1887,Q102_R17,Q102_R34,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,Irrelevant
1888,Q102_R17,Q102_R35,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Irrelevant
1889,Q102_R17,Q102_R41,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1890,Q102_R17,Q102_R69,Guitar / Music Shops in Doha. Hi guys; Anyone know anywhere where I can get a good quality acoustic guitar here in Doha? I have a trip coming up to Dubai and may be better off getting one there maybe. Or import my Takamine from London.... Would prefer not to spend the cash on the shipping! Any suggestions welcomed... Thanks a lot!,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1891,Q102_R31,Q102_R34,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,Irrelevant
1892,Q102_R31,Q102_R35,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Irrelevant
1893,Q102_R31,Q102_R41,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1894,Q102_R31,Q102_R69,Louis Vuitton in Qatar?. I saw a sign ear Villagio that said "Louis Vuitton Private Opening" Anyone have any idea where? When? Who's attending the opening?,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1895,Q102_R34,Q102_R35,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Irrelevant
1896,Q102_R34,Q102_R41,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1897,Q102_R34,Q102_R69,Any Air Jordan Collectors in Doha?. Looking for collectors in doha; to dicuss jordans and buy/sell collections/items. email me; would be nice to meet collectors here.,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1898,Q102_R35,Q102_R41,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Irrelevant
1899,Q102_R35,Q102_R69,What did you find difficult to get in Qatar?. We all might have come across some items we found very hard to find in Qatar. Please share your experience and how you tackled it.,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1900,Q102_R41,Q102_R69,thinning hair. Hi! I've been here in Doha for almost 4 months now. Eversince I stayed here; my hair started to become thin. I know losing a hundred hair strands a day is normal. But now; it is tremendous. It scares me. I believe it has something to do with the water here; with how it is treated. What do you think? Please let me know.,Insomnia. I hear almost everyday friends/colleagues saying they can't sleep in Doha. What's with that? I find myself going to bed EVERY night tossing and turning no matter how tired I am; and just can't sleep. Have never had this problem before. Do any Qlers suffer from this? Any suggestions on how to sleep at night? Or; any remedies for crows feet? :(,Irrelevant
1901,Q103_R39,Q103_R48,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1902,Q104_R29,Q104_R36,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,Irrelevant
1903,Q104_R29,Q104_R39,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,Irrelevant
1904,Q104_R29,Q104_R41,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,Irrelevant
1905,Q104_R29,Q104_R49,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
1906,Q104_R29,Q104_R50,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Irrelevant
1907,Q104_R29,Q104_R56,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1908,Q104_R29,Q104_R67,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1909,Q104_R29,Q104_R77,The Inland Sea. Hi everyone; Just a day or so after we arrive (and therefore before we start work) is our wedding anniversary and we&#39;d like to do something special. A friend who was in Qatar years ago suggested a trip to the Inland Sea. Any opinions? How would we arrange this from here? Would we be able to arrange it just the day before when we arrive? Any better suggestions? Obviously something romantic (and not involving bus loads of people!) ... Thanks L,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1910,Q104_R36,Q104_R39,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,Irrelevant
1911,Q104_R36,Q104_R41,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,Irrelevant
1912,Q104_R36,Q104_R49,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
1913,Q104_R36,Q104_R50,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Irrelevant
1914,Q104_R36,Q104_R56,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1915,Q104_R36,Q104_R67,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1916,Q104_R36,Q104_R77,What to do in Doha during Eid Holidays?. I will be visiting Doha during the Eid holidays with my wife and daughter. can anyone suggest places to visit; places to eat and some great ideas to make it lively. been to Doha before but found it quite boring. We have my wife's sister and her family there.,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1917,Q104_R39,Q104_R41,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,Irrelevant
1918,Q104_R39,Q104_R49,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
1919,Q104_R39,Q104_R50,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Irrelevant
1920,Q104_R39,Q104_R56,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1921,Q104_R39,Q104_R67,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1922,Q104_R39,Q104_R77,Doha life. Hey; thinking about moving to Doha in August. I hear that its kind of boring! Is this true? What is there to do? Is there much culture and life? Please help!,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1923,Q104_R41,Q104_R49,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
1924,Q104_R41,Q104_R50,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Irrelevant
1925,Q104_R41,Q104_R56,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1926,Q104_R41,Q104_R67,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1927,Q104_R41,Q104_R77,Are we slaves to technology.... I was in London for a couple of days. Noticed how people ; especially kids are always on mobile phones and texting.. Now back in Pristina.. People have phones ; but use them rarely. They relax. Chat with each other and seem to enjoy life.. Got me thinking... Are we in the West / Qatar becoming slaves to technology? We have become internet/phone junkies.. If so; WHY ????,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1928,Q104_R49,Q104_R50,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Irrelevant
1929,Q104_R49,Q104_R56,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1930,Q104_R49,Q104_R67,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1931,Q104_R49,Q104_R77,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1932,Q104_R50,Q104_R56,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
1933,Q104_R50,Q104_R67,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1934,Q104_R50,Q104_R77,Am I being ambitious bringing my bike over?. I want to bring my road bike over; but a lot of what I've read makes me think maybe I'm wasting my time and money! I'll be living in Al Khor; and was looking at the possibility of riding out West towards Al Zubara; or up towards the North/North West. On Google Earth these roads look likely to be quiet and okay - are these reasonably quiet enough to cycle; or still populated by crazy drivers? Thanks; Adam,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1935,Q104_R56,Q104_R67,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
1936,Q104_R56,Q104_R77,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1937,Q104_R67,Q104_R77,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,QL Cricket Team. i  just think that what if we will make a QL Cricket Team... anyone intrested...? Mind It I will be the Captain Of The Team...lolz..[Joke],Irrelevant
1938,Q105_R2,Q105_R5,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
1939,Q105_R2,Q105_R11,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
1940,Q105_R2,Q105_R13,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
1941,Q105_R2,Q105_R14,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,Irrelevant
1942,Q105_R2,Q105_R15,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1943,Q105_R2,Q105_R18,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1944,Q105_R5,Q105_R11,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
1945,Q105_R5,Q105_R13,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
1946,Q105_R5,Q105_R14,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,Irrelevant
1947,Q105_R5,Q105_R15,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1948,Q105_R5,Q105_R18,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1949,Q105_R11,Q105_R13,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
1950,Q105_R11,Q105_R14,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,Irrelevant
1951,Q105_R11,Q105_R15,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1952,Q105_R11,Q105_R18,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1953,Q105_R13,Q105_R14,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,Irrelevant
1954,Q105_R13,Q105_R15,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1955,Q105_R13,Q105_R18,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1956,Q105_R14,Q105_R15,Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
1957,Q105_R14,Q105_R18,Qatar Airways. hi friends My GF is Lead Cabin Attendent(Air Hostess) in a domestic airlines in India. I'm planning to get marry to her next year and bring her to qatar; so will she get a jon in QA? if yes; wat would be her salary? Is it possible her to take the HRA and find accomadation outside? does the company will allow her to stay outside? pls answer me in detail.....Thnak you,Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1958,Q105_R15,Q105_R18,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Any unmarried expats females in Qatar???. Excuse me !!!! are any unmarried bachelor females expats in Qarar????????????? It seems that everybody are married!!,Irrelevant
1959,Q106_R20,Q106_R31,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1960,Q106_R20,Q106_R33,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1961,Q106_R20,Q106_R46,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,Irrelevant
1962,Q106_R20,Q106_R49,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1963,Q106_R20,Q106_R50,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1964,Q106_R20,Q106_R51,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1965,Q106_R20,Q106_R53,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1966,Q106_R20,Q106_R58,want to do a job as a teacher. hi; i want to do a job in any arabic school as a teacher; i did masters in international relations and politics; but i dont have any teaching experience and dont know arabic lang; is it possible for me to get a job as a school teacher wid gud salary???,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1967,Q106_R31,Q106_R33,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
1968,Q106_R31,Q106_R46,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,Irrelevant
1969,Q106_R31,Q106_R49,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1970,Q106_R31,Q106_R50,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1971,Q106_R31,Q106_R51,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1972,Q106_R31,Q106_R53,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1973,Q106_R31,Q106_R58,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1974,Q106_R33,Q106_R46,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,Irrelevant
1975,Q106_R33,Q106_R49,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1976,Q106_R33,Q106_R50,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1977,Q106_R33,Q106_R51,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1978,Q106_R33,Q106_R53,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1979,Q106_R33,Q106_R58,English Modern School (EMS) help needed!. Hello everybody! I'm thinking of changing my school as soon as possible and English Modern School seems really good; close to my house; and the fees are quite good. What do you think? I've read reviews about the school but I need recent ones. Thanks in advance!,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1980,Q106_R46,Q106_R49,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
1981,Q106_R46,Q106_R50,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1982,Q106_R46,Q106_R51,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1983,Q106_R46,Q106_R53,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1984,Q106_R46,Q106_R58,Iqra English School- Waste of time and money?. Good day all; If you're like me; and were unfortunate enough to enroll your children at Iqra English School; and endure an utterly useless academic year; I'd like to hear from you. I'd like to spread the word of caution to all unsuspecting parents of this money-grab. Thanks,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1985,Q106_R49,Q106_R50,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
1986,Q106_R49,Q106_R51,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1987,Q106_R49,Q106_R53,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1988,Q106_R49,Q106_R58,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1989,Q106_R50,Q106_R51,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
1990,Q106_R50,Q106_R53,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1991,Q106_R50,Q106_R58,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1992,Q106_R51,Q106_R53,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
1993,Q106_R51,Q106_R58,American Curriculum school for my kids. Hi; We would be moving to Qatar in mid June from Dallas;Texas. Could anyone suggest some American curriculum schools for my kids in 2nd and 5th grades. We are trying in American School of Doha but heard that the waitlist is also closed in that school. What are the options? Any help is appreciated. Thanks,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1994,Q106_R53,Q106_R58,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
1995,Q107_R8,Q107_R15,Where can I go on holiday?. I'm trying to plan a holiday; I've been looking at somewhere like Thailand or Malayaisa but the flights are very expensive even if the accomodation is not! Can someone recommend anywhere good to go (want somewhere nice but not too expensive!) and also the best/cheapest way to get there and also how to book? Thanks,Holidays!Lets talk about the best places to relax and have fun.:D. What is your favourie Country for holidays and which is the most intresting city you have been?And where is the most beautiful beach to find?Lets share our knowledge and impressions.,Irrelevant
1996,Q107_R8,Q107_R16,Where can I go on holiday?. I'm trying to plan a holiday; I've been looking at somewhere like Thailand or Malayaisa but the flights are very expensive even if the accomodation is not! Can someone recommend anywhere good to go (want somewhere nice but not too expensive!) and also the best/cheapest way to get there and also how to book? Thanks,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Irrelevant
1997,Q107_R8,Q107_R19,Where can I go on holiday?. I'm trying to plan a holiday; I've been looking at somewhere like Thailand or Malayaisa but the flights are very expensive even if the accomodation is not! Can someone recommend anywhere good to go (want somewhere nice but not too expensive!) and also the best/cheapest way to get there and also how to book? Thanks,Best beach holiday. I want go nice place where bikini is not crime like Qatar. Where relax peoples are who not mean and want ban everything I respect the Qatar but sometimes lady need place for relax from difficult country Is nice place go in just some hours in plane? I like little cocktail as well he he so need in same place Gracias friendlies!,Irrelevant
1998,Q107_R8,Q107_R23,Where can I go on holiday?. I'm trying to plan a holiday; I've been looking at somewhere like Thailand or Malayaisa but the flights are very expensive even if the accomodation is not! Can someone recommend anywhere good to go (want somewhere nice but not too expensive!) and also the best/cheapest way to get there and also how to book? Thanks,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
1999,Q107_R8,Q107_R27,Where can I go on holiday?. I'm trying to plan a holiday; I've been looking at somewhere like Thailand or Malayaisa but the flights are very expensive even if the accomodation is not! Can someone recommend anywhere good to go (want somewhere nice but not too expensive!) and also the best/cheapest way to get there and also how to book? Thanks,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
2000,Q107_R15,Q107_R16,Holidays!Lets talk about the best places to relax and have fun.:D. What is your favourie Country for holidays and which is the most intresting city you have been?And where is the most beautiful beach to find?Lets share our knowledge and impressions.,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Irrelevant
2001,Q107_R15,Q107_R19,Holidays!Lets talk about the best places to relax and have fun.:D. What is your favourie Country for holidays and which is the most intresting city you have been?And where is the most beautiful beach to find?Lets share our knowledge and impressions.,Best beach holiday. I want go nice place where bikini is not crime like Qatar. Where relax peoples are who not mean and want ban everything I respect the Qatar but sometimes lady need place for relax from difficult country Is nice place go in just some hours in plane? I like little cocktail as well he he so need in same place Gracias friendlies!,Irrelevant
2002,Q107_R15,Q107_R23,Holidays!Lets talk about the best places to relax and have fun.:D. What is your favourie Country for holidays and which is the most intresting city you have been?And where is the most beautiful beach to find?Lets share our knowledge and impressions.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2003,Q107_R15,Q107_R27,Holidays!Lets talk about the best places to relax and have fun.:D. What is your favourie Country for holidays and which is the most intresting city you have been?And where is the most beautiful beach to find?Lets share our knowledge and impressions.,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
2004,Q107_R16,Q107_R19,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Best beach holiday. I want go nice place where bikini is not crime like Qatar. Where relax peoples are who not mean and want ban everything I respect the Qatar but sometimes lady need place for relax from difficult country Is nice place go in just some hours in plane? I like little cocktail as well he he so need in same place Gracias friendlies!,Irrelevant
2005,Q107_R16,Q107_R23,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2006,Q107_R16,Q107_R27,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
2007,Q107_R19,Q107_R23,Best beach holiday. I want go nice place where bikini is not crime like Qatar. Where relax peoples are who not mean and want ban everything I respect the Qatar but sometimes lady need place for relax from difficult country Is nice place go in just some hours in plane? I like little cocktail as well he he so need in same place Gracias friendlies!,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2008,Q107_R19,Q107_R27,Best beach holiday. I want go nice place where bikini is not crime like Qatar. Where relax peoples are who not mean and want ban everything I respect the Qatar but sometimes lady need place for relax from difficult country Is nice place go in just some hours in plane? I like little cocktail as well he he so need in same place Gracias friendlies!,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
2009,Q107_R23,Q107_R27,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
2010,Q108_R32,Q108_R51,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Chiropractor in Doha. There used to be a chircopractor on D-ring near to Mall roundabout; practising under the name of "American Chircoprator". The clinic has closed ... does anyone know if Dr Cyrus is still in Doha?,Irrelevant
2011,Q108_R32,Q108_R62,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,ADULT CIRCUMCISION CLINIC IN DOHA. any body knows a adult circumcision clinic in doha or anybody knows somebody who is doing circumcision?,Irrelevant
2012,Q108_R32,Q108_R71,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
2013,Q108_R32,Q108_R73,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
2014,Q108_R51,Q108_R62,Chiropractor in Doha. There used to be a chircopractor on D-ring near to Mall roundabout; practising under the name of "American Chircoprator". The clinic has closed ... does anyone know if Dr Cyrus is still in Doha?,ADULT CIRCUMCISION CLINIC IN DOHA. any body knows a adult circumcision clinic in doha or anybody knows somebody who is doing circumcision?,Irrelevant
2015,Q108_R51,Q108_R71,Chiropractor in Doha. There used to be a chircopractor on D-ring near to Mall roundabout; practising under the name of "American Chircoprator". The clinic has closed ... does anyone know if Dr Cyrus is still in Doha?,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
2016,Q108_R51,Q108_R73,Chiropractor in Doha. There used to be a chircopractor on D-ring near to Mall roundabout; practising under the name of "American Chircoprator". The clinic has closed ... does anyone know if Dr Cyrus is still in Doha?,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
2017,Q108_R62,Q108_R71,ADULT CIRCUMCISION CLINIC IN DOHA. any body knows a adult circumcision clinic in doha or anybody knows somebody who is doing circumcision?,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Irrelevant
2018,Q108_R62,Q108_R73,ADULT CIRCUMCISION CLINIC IN DOHA. any body knows a adult circumcision clinic in doha or anybody knows somebody who is doing circumcision?,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
2019,Q108_R71,Q108_R73,can anyone recommend a good Chiropractor??. I know there are not alot around here; but I really need to get in asap and would like a good one. Thanks much!,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Irrelevant
2020,Q109_R11,Q109_R20,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Irrelevant
2021,Q109_R11,Q109_R28,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
2022,Q109_R11,Q109_R29,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Irrelevant
2023,Q109_R11,Q109_R32,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Irrelevant
2024,Q109_R11,Q109_R40,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Irrelevant
2025,Q109_R11,Q109_R51,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2026,Q109_R11,Q109_R52,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2027,Q109_R11,Q109_R61,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2028,Q109_R20,Q109_R28,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Irrelevant
2029,Q109_R20,Q109_R29,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Irrelevant
2030,Q109_R20,Q109_R32,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Irrelevant
2031,Q109_R20,Q109_R40,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Irrelevant
2032,Q109_R20,Q109_R51,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2033,Q109_R20,Q109_R52,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2034,Q109_R20,Q109_R61,Can you help me please?. Dear Qatarliving users; I have been working for one of the companies based here in Qatar for less than 6 months and more than three months. I want to resignate and go back to my country; untill now I have not signed the contract yet and I have only the offer letter. how many days should I give them as a notice to my resignation? I still owe them some money. Please advice. Many thanks indeed,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2035,Q109_R28,Q109_R29,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Irrelevant
2036,Q109_R28,Q109_R32,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Irrelevant
2037,Q109_R28,Q109_R40,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Irrelevant
2038,Q109_R28,Q109_R51,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2039,Q109_R28,Q109_R52,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2040,Q109_R28,Q109_R61,Help; Sri Lankan House Maid.. Visa Available... Hello QL MEMBERS... I have Visa Approval for Sri Lankan Visa.. Can anyone Guide me how to GET a Maid from Srilanka without Brokers/Agent? Also Please Guide me STEP by STEP how to bring one from Srilanka Direct and then Make Everything ready here. If anyone know can help me to get her here? NOTE : Preferred MUSLIM .....Agents Please stay away..,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2041,Q109_R29,Q109_R32,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Irrelevant
2042,Q109_R29,Q109_R40,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Irrelevant
2043,Q109_R29,Q109_R51,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2044,Q109_R29,Q109_R52,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2045,Q109_R29,Q109_R61,FOREX trading. Who likes FOREX trading? Any one here know Forex trading or any one likes to learn it; Please comment.,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2046,Q109_R32,Q109_R40,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Irrelevant
2047,Q109_R32,Q109_R51,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2048,Q109_R32,Q109_R52,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2049,Q109_R32,Q109_R61,please can any one HELP ME?????. hi my brother work in Qatar last 5 years in one of contraction co. he meet one girl she is from Philippine one day he went to see her in her house where she work as house keeping and her sponsor catch my brother and call police now my brother is in prison last 10 days; any advice where i start or how can i get him out of prison???,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2050,Q109_R40,Q109_R51,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Irrelevant
2051,Q109_R40,Q109_R52,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2052,Q109_R40,Q109_R61,Can anyone advise me or help me please?. Hello I worked in Qatar for more than 2 years and I cancelled my visa (I was not banned). I stayed in my country more than 3 years. if I find a new job do I need a NOC from my last sponsor? Best regards Karla,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2053,Q109_R51,Q109_R52,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2054,Q109_R51,Q109_R61,Is QAR 15;000 a good salary in Qatar?. Hi QLers; I have a question for all of you; maybe some of you can help me out. Is QR 15;000 (inclusive of all benefits) a good salary package in Qatar? How good (or bad) is it for someone who is: A. Single B. Couple (no kids) C. Family (one or two kids) I am looking forward to some of your feedback. Please drop a comment and help me out. I am sure there are other people too who would like some insights on this topic.,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2055,Q109_R52,Q109_R61,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Good day to all! Can you please help me where to buy a lunchbox here in Qatar? Thanks!. ,Irrelevant
2056,Q110_R5,Q110_R9,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,Irrelevant
2057,Q110_R5,Q110_R12,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Irrelevant
2058,Q110_R5,Q110_R23,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,Irrelevant
2059,Q110_R5,Q110_R35,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,Irrelevant
2060,Q110_R5,Q110_R41,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
2061,Q110_R5,Q110_R43,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2062,Q110_R5,Q110_R49,what all reasons can a muslim divorse a wife as per quran?. What are the reasons given in quran for divorsing a wife?and can the wife divorse the husband as per quran?If in india ;can the wife can ask money from husband for her and kids?If yes;;is it by court or from mosque Emam?,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2063,Q110_R9,Q110_R12,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Irrelevant
2064,Q110_R9,Q110_R23,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,Irrelevant
2065,Q110_R9,Q110_R35,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,Irrelevant
2066,Q110_R9,Q110_R41,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
2067,Q110_R9,Q110_R43,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2068,Q110_R9,Q110_R49,Science proves Quran is from Allah : Video. A good 7-part vid to see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_u5bkXHuJE&feature=related,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2069,Q110_R12,Q110_R23,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,Irrelevant
2070,Q110_R12,Q110_R35,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,Irrelevant
2071,Q110_R12,Q110_R41,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
2072,Q110_R12,Q110_R43,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2073,Q110_R12,Q110_R49,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2074,Q110_R23,Q110_R35,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,Irrelevant
2075,Q110_R23,Q110_R41,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
2076,Q110_R23,Q110_R43,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2077,Q110_R23,Q110_R49,Listening Quran.... How often do you listen to the Quran? which is your favorite chapters and recitors? can you read the quran from heart? me I can read some chapters from heart; my favorite chapters is Al Kahf (the cave) and Al baqarah (the cow)  and my recitor is Sudaysi and Mishari - al Rasheed...also Ajami is nice.,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2078,Q110_R35,Q110_R41,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
2079,Q110_R35,Q110_R43,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2080,Q110_R35,Q110_R49,Islamic studies center for children?. Are there any Islamic studies after school centers available for english speaking children??? I know such services are provided in arabic; but my children don't speak arabic. will appriciate anyhelp,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2081,Q110_R41,Q110_R43,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
2082,Q110_R41,Q110_R49,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2083,Q110_R43,Q110_R49,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,I CONVERTED TO ISLAM. I just converted from christian to Islam yesterday at the Fanar. I'm waiting for my Islam certificate. Would anyone be able to tell me more about Islam? I'm very new to Islam. Dan,Irrelevant
2084,Q111_R3,Q111_R11,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
2085,Q111_R3,Q111_R20,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
2086,Q111_R3,Q111_R26,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Irrelevant
2087,Q111_R3,Q111_R27,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Irrelevant
2088,Q111_R3,Q111_R36,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
2089,Q111_R3,Q111_R37,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2090,Q111_R3,Q111_R41,Teachers in Doha! Part time work anyone?. Sylvan Learning Center is looking for qualified teachers who are interested in working a day or two a week in the late afternoons and early evenings or during the day on Saturday. If you are interested; please send me a Private Message for more details. Thanks!,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2091,Q111_R11,Q111_R20,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
2092,Q111_R11,Q111_R26,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Irrelevant
2093,Q111_R11,Q111_R27,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Irrelevant
2094,Q111_R11,Q111_R36,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
2095,Q111_R11,Q111_R37,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2096,Q111_R11,Q111_R41,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2097,Q111_R20,Q111_R26,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Irrelevant
2098,Q111_R20,Q111_R27,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Irrelevant
2099,Q111_R20,Q111_R36,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
2100,Q111_R20,Q111_R37,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2101,Q111_R20,Q111_R41,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2102,Q111_R26,Q111_R27,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Irrelevant
2103,Q111_R26,Q111_R36,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
2104,Q111_R26,Q111_R37,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2105,Q111_R26,Q111_R41,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2106,Q111_R27,Q111_R36,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Irrelevant
2107,Q111_R27,Q111_R37,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2108,Q111_R27,Q111_R41,Salary for teachers in Qatar. I believe that there are intellectuals living in Qatar who wants to share some information about the salary and allowances that a teacher gets. Please can you give me some detailed information about this matter?,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2109,Q111_R36,Q111_R37,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2110,Q111_R36,Q111_R41,Teaching for the ta'allum group. Hi all. I've accepted a teaching job with the Ta'allum group. Don't know which school yet. Does anyone know anything about these school?find basic stuff out about it but nothing detailed. Also I've not heard from them regarding flights is this unusual to leave it this late?,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2111,Q111_R37,Q111_R41,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
2112,Q112_R21,Q112_R53,Why is Arabic compulsory in British Schools?. I really want to know what is this Arabic fascination in almost all the British Curriculum schools in Doha? It is not compulsory in Indian schools. So what is the solution for non-arabics who want their children to get educated in British schools. i know there are a few British schools where Arabic is not compulsory but getting admission in them is really difficult. so what is the solution?,Arabic Learning Thread - 02/05. Hi; Let’s speak today about some transportation devices Words: Baas = Bus SayYara = Car Qetar = Train Safeena = Ark Zawraq= Canoe Quiz 1- How can we say “What is the color of Taxi cars in Doha?” in Arabic? – plz use English letters – 2- What is the English Translation of “Aen Maoqef al-Baas?” Have a nice day :),Irrelevant
2113,Q113_R23,Q113_R25,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
2114,Q113_R23,Q113_R31,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,Irrelevant
2115,Q113_R23,Q113_R35,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,Irrelevant
2116,Q113_R23,Q113_R45,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,Irrelevant
2117,Q113_R23,Q113_R49,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Irrelevant
2118,Q113_R23,Q113_R70,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2119,Q113_R23,Q113_R80,IKEA !!!!. I'm looking for the closest IKEA Store.. has anyone had any experience with them? I'd like to purchase it and have it shipped here in Doha but I cant seem to find a site where I can purchase it online. Is it practical to have it shipped from the UAE or Saudi? Please let me know; I appreciate it.,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2120,Q113_R25,Q113_R31,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,Irrelevant
2121,Q113_R25,Q113_R35,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,Irrelevant
2122,Q113_R25,Q113_R45,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,Irrelevant
2123,Q113_R25,Q113_R49,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Irrelevant
2124,Q113_R25,Q113_R70,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2125,Q113_R25,Q113_R80,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2126,Q113_R31,Q113_R35,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,Irrelevant
2127,Q113_R31,Q113_R45,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,Irrelevant
2128,Q113_R31,Q113_R49,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Irrelevant
2129,Q113_R31,Q113_R70,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2130,Q113_R31,Q113_R80,Counselling available in Doha?. Does anyone know of a good psychologist or psychiatrist working in Doha who can provide counselling therapy?,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2131,Q113_R35,Q113_R45,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,Irrelevant
2132,Q113_R35,Q113_R49,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Irrelevant
2133,Q113_R35,Q113_R70,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2134,Q113_R35,Q113_R80,IKEA??? Has anyone ordered from them??. We are moving to Qatar in October. We will have to buy everything new! I mean everything. Has anyone tried to order from Ikea and if so how difficult was it. Who delivers it? How much was shipping??? Is it worth it? So much to buy and we are not looking for top of the line only good enough to last a couple of years! HElP!,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2135,Q113_R45,Q113_R49,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Irrelevant
2136,Q113_R45,Q113_R70,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2137,Q113_R45,Q113_R80,Strain of bird flu in Riyadh. What are the symptoms of H5N1 virus? Are they latent or very subtle that it cant be detected at earlier stages? Someone shed light on this one....,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2138,Q113_R49,Q113_R70,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2139,Q113_R49,Q113_R80,URGENT !!! SAUDI ARABIA. I have got an offer to work for a MNC HAVING OFFICE in Saudi Arabia; JEDDAH & RIYADH. Can any body tell me what will be the cost of living there ?? The basic salary hike is 28% from my current Basic in QR. The company is providing me Housing Allowance of SR 3850/- I am married with one kid. Thanks in advance for your reply...,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2140,Q113_R70,Q113_R80,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,SAP course. Anybody knows about SAP course in qatar?. If available; pls give the full details by reply this message.,Irrelevant
2141,Q114_R2,Q114_R4,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,Irrelevant
2142,Q114_R2,Q114_R5,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,Irrelevant
2143,Q114_R2,Q114_R8,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Irrelevant
2144,Q114_R2,Q114_R9,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Irrelevant
2145,Q114_R2,Q114_R11,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
2146,Q114_R2,Q114_R15,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2147,Q114_R2,Q114_R20,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2148,Q114_R2,Q114_R25,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2149,Q114_R2,Q114_R28,Transmigration. Transmigration; i think you all have heard about it ; but do u believe in it??,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2150,Q114_R4,Q114_R5,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,Irrelevant
2151,Q114_R4,Q114_R8,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Irrelevant
2152,Q114_R4,Q114_R9,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Irrelevant
2153,Q114_R4,Q114_R11,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
2154,Q114_R4,Q114_R15,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2155,Q114_R4,Q114_R20,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2156,Q114_R4,Q114_R25,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2157,Q114_R4,Q114_R28,What is life? Please kindly share your ideas; thanks. :). ,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2158,Q114_R5,Q114_R8,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Irrelevant
2159,Q114_R5,Q114_R9,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Irrelevant
2160,Q114_R5,Q114_R11,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
2161,Q114_R5,Q114_R15,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2162,Q114_R5,Q114_R20,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2163,Q114_R5,Q114_R25,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2164,Q114_R5,Q114_R28,New Year's Resolutions 2009. 2009 is just around the corner. What will your New Year's resolution be regarding health? Quit smoking? Lose weight? save some money If so; how do you plan to do it? What changes will you do this time around to make it work? Discuss your New Year's Resolutions here,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2165,Q114_R8,Q114_R9,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Irrelevant
2166,Q114_R8,Q114_R11,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
2167,Q114_R8,Q114_R15,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2168,Q114_R8,Q114_R20,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2169,Q114_R8,Q114_R25,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2170,Q114_R8,Q114_R28,How to get a job here in qatar...????. Please let me kno how to get a job here in qatar...???,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2171,Q114_R9,Q114_R11,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
2172,Q114_R9,Q114_R15,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2173,Q114_R9,Q114_R20,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2174,Q114_R9,Q114_R25,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2175,Q114_R9,Q114_R28,What have you achieve in 2008?. Every year everyone is determined to set goals for the years ahead. Be true to ourselves; have we managed to achieve it? If so up to what extent? Let's share our experiences and values for others to consider.,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2176,Q114_R11,Q114_R15,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Irrelevant
2177,Q114_R11,Q114_R20,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2178,Q114_R11,Q114_R25,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2179,Q114_R11,Q114_R28,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2180,Q114_R15,Q114_R20,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Irrelevant
2181,Q114_R15,Q114_R25,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2182,Q114_R15,Q114_R28,Stop the name of love. I wanted to share this to all of you! At least the burden will be lessen.. why does it hurts so much when the one you most love takes you for granted? i wanted to stop loving him; i wish i could but for now i cant. i want to stop cause it hurts so much everytime; cause everytime i need to see him... im making myself foolish; acting so dumb because of this love; but i cant let go... help me divert my focus to other things aside from him..,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2183,Q114_R20,Q114_R25,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Irrelevant
2184,Q114_R20,Q114_R28,sexiest actress. Just been watching Laura Croft - Tomb Raider.. Is there a sexier actress than Angelina Jolie ?,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2185,Q114_R25,Q114_R28,why i can't sleep?... why i can't sleep? a LOT of factors: -home sickness; missing my family -missing my bed; room (back in my country) -missing the nice climate in my country -missing my friends; nightlife -bed bugs (?) :D -emotional reasons -someone betrayed my trusts -someone just hurt me -someone really hurt me -someone just hurt my heart -someone just really hurt my heart -im emotionally hurt..(how many times did i already said hurt?..) what about you? why are you still awake?,Here is another one.... A continuation from the "staring " thread..... Do certain men treat women in a disrespectful way(as perceived by women) because if and when they see a woman without man; or a Western woman(even with her husband); they stare and are rude....is this because of culture and how they are taught to look at "such" women? Or is is because the gender ratio is skewered here?,Irrelevant
2186,Q115_R2,Q115_R8,what good places are in doha for birthday cakes for children?. is there a place where they make special cakes for children with special designs and shapes like characters and so?,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2187,Q115_R2,Q115_R11,what good places are in doha for birthday cakes for children?. is there a place where they make special cakes for children with special designs and shapes like characters and so?,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
2188,Q115_R2,Q115_R13,what good places are in doha for birthday cakes for children?. is there a place where they make special cakes for children with special designs and shapes like characters and so?,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
2189,Q115_R2,Q115_R14,what good places are in doha for birthday cakes for children?. is there a place where they make special cakes for children with special designs and shapes like characters and so?,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
2190,Q115_R8,Q115_R11,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
2191,Q115_R8,Q115_R13,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
2192,Q115_R8,Q115_R14,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
2193,Q115_R11,Q115_R13,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
2194,Q115_R11,Q115_R14,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
2195,Q115_R13,Q115_R14,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
2196,Q116_R11,Q116_R17,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Vaccination for baby under visit visa. Dear All; I am planning to bring my wife and new born baby here in Qatar on visit visa. Can I do my baby's remaining vaccinations from Qatar? Where I can do the remaining vaccinations? Please help me...,Irrelevant
2197,Q116_R11,Q116_R41,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
2198,Q116_R11,Q116_R49,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2199,Q116_R11,Q116_R59,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,faculty salary at qatar university. I got an offer to work as a faculty at Qatar University. The offer include: FREE 3 Bedrooms villa. Fully furnished. FREE health care (including family members) 2-months paid summer holiday. Round trip holiday ticket 1 month salary gratuity in a year completion. interest free car loan (60;000) A monthly salary of QR 20;500. Would you please advice if this is a good job offer?,Irrelevant
2200,Q116_R11,Q116_R63,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,HMC Application 2012-2013. I'm t the credential verification stage; at what stage are you right now?,Irrelevant
2201,Q116_R17,Q116_R41,Vaccination for baby under visit visa. Dear All; I am planning to bring my wife and new born baby here in Qatar on visit visa. Can I do my baby's remaining vaccinations from Qatar? Where I can do the remaining vaccinations? Please help me...,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
2202,Q116_R17,Q116_R49,Vaccination for baby under visit visa. Dear All; I am planning to bring my wife and new born baby here in Qatar on visit visa. Can I do my baby's remaining vaccinations from Qatar? Where I can do the remaining vaccinations? Please help me...,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2203,Q116_R17,Q116_R59,Vaccination for baby under visit visa. Dear All; I am planning to bring my wife and new born baby here in Qatar on visit visa. Can I do my baby's remaining vaccinations from Qatar? Where I can do the remaining vaccinations? Please help me...,faculty salary at qatar university. I got an offer to work as a faculty at Qatar University. The offer include: FREE 3 Bedrooms villa. Fully furnished. FREE health care (including family members) 2-months paid summer holiday. Round trip holiday ticket 1 month salary gratuity in a year completion. interest free car loan (60;000) A monthly salary of QR 20;500. Would you please advice if this is a good job offer?,Irrelevant
2204,Q116_R17,Q116_R63,Vaccination for baby under visit visa. Dear All; I am planning to bring my wife and new born baby here in Qatar on visit visa. Can I do my baby's remaining vaccinations from Qatar? Where I can do the remaining vaccinations? Please help me...,HMC Application 2012-2013. I'm t the credential verification stage; at what stage are you right now?,Irrelevant
2205,Q116_R41,Q116_R49,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2206,Q116_R41,Q116_R59,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,faculty salary at qatar university. I got an offer to work as a faculty at Qatar University. The offer include: FREE 3 Bedrooms villa. Fully furnished. FREE health care (including family members) 2-months paid summer holiday. Round trip holiday ticket 1 month salary gratuity in a year completion. interest free car loan (60;000) A monthly salary of QR 20;500. Would you please advice if this is a good job offer?,Irrelevant
2207,Q116_R41,Q116_R63,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,HMC Application 2012-2013. I'm t the credential verification stage; at what stage are you right now?,Irrelevant
2208,Q116_R49,Q116_R59,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,faculty salary at qatar university. I got an offer to work as a faculty at Qatar University. The offer include: FREE 3 Bedrooms villa. Fully furnished. FREE health care (including family members) 2-months paid summer holiday. Round trip holiday ticket 1 month salary gratuity in a year completion. interest free car loan (60;000) A monthly salary of QR 20;500. Would you please advice if this is a good job offer?,Irrelevant
2209,Q116_R49,Q116_R63,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,HMC Application 2012-2013. I'm t the credential verification stage; at what stage are you right now?,Irrelevant
2210,Q116_R59,Q116_R63,faculty salary at qatar university. I got an offer to work as a faculty at Qatar University. The offer include: FREE 3 Bedrooms villa. Fully furnished. FREE health care (including family members) 2-months paid summer holiday. Round trip holiday ticket 1 month salary gratuity in a year completion. interest free car loan (60;000) A monthly salary of QR 20;500. Would you please advice if this is a good job offer?,HMC Application 2012-2013. I'm t the credential verification stage; at what stage are you right now?,Irrelevant
2211,Q117_R31,Q117_R35,Beware of clothes being stolen in Doha!!!!. The clothes that i hung out for drying in the terrace were stolen twice in a row recently in the day light. Generally; it is women's outfits; almost new; that are being stolen. Has anyone had such an experience before?,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
2212,Q117_R31,Q117_R46,Beware of clothes being stolen in Doha!!!!. The clothes that i hung out for drying in the terrace were stolen twice in a row recently in the day light. Generally; it is women's outfits; almost new; that are being stolen. Has anyone had such an experience before?,Villagio stores & City Center NEW stores. Does anyone know what stores will be in the Villagio? When will it open? What new stores are being added to City Center?,Irrelevant
2213,Q117_R31,Q117_R54,Beware of clothes being stolen in Doha!!!!. The clothes that i hung out for drying in the terrace were stolen twice in a row recently in the day light. Generally; it is women's outfits; almost new; that are being stolen. Has anyone had such an experience before?,What should i pickup from New Delhi. Hi i just got a job offer in Doha and will be moving in Jul 10. Would you guys be able to help me what things i should pick up from India which are either not available or very expensive in Doha. I will be carrying a set top box for Direct to Home Television with subscription to Indian channels and lots of summer clothing. I have a wife and 2 year daughter. Anything else i should pick up like toys ?,Irrelevant
2214,Q117_R35,Q117_R46,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Villagio stores & City Center NEW stores. Does anyone know what stores will be in the Villagio? When will it open? What new stores are being added to City Center?,Irrelevant
2215,Q117_R35,Q117_R54,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,What should i pickup from New Delhi. Hi i just got a job offer in Doha and will be moving in Jul 10. Would you guys be able to help me what things i should pick up from India which are either not available or very expensive in Doha. I will be carrying a set top box for Direct to Home Television with subscription to Indian channels and lots of summer clothing. I have a wife and 2 year daughter. Anything else i should pick up like toys ?,Irrelevant
2216,Q117_R46,Q117_R54,Villagio stores & City Center NEW stores. Does anyone know what stores will be in the Villagio? When will it open? What new stores are being added to City Center?,What should i pickup from New Delhi. Hi i just got a job offer in Doha and will be moving in Jul 10. Would you guys be able to help me what things i should pick up from India which are either not available or very expensive in Doha. I will be carrying a set top box for Direct to Home Television with subscription to Indian channels and lots of summer clothing. I have a wife and 2 year daughter. Anything else i should pick up like toys ?,Irrelevant
2217,Q118_R12,Q118_R17,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,Irrelevant
2218,Q118_R12,Q118_R23,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2219,Q118_R12,Q118_R31,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
2220,Q118_R12,Q118_R37,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Irrelevant
2221,Q118_R12,Q118_R43,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Irrelevant
2222,Q118_R12,Q118_R50,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2223,Q118_R12,Q118_R54,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2224,Q118_R12,Q118_R58,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2225,Q118_R17,Q118_R23,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2226,Q118_R17,Q118_R31,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
2227,Q118_R17,Q118_R37,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Irrelevant
2228,Q118_R17,Q118_R43,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Irrelevant
2229,Q118_R17,Q118_R50,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2230,Q118_R17,Q118_R54,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2231,Q118_R17,Q118_R58,NEED TO MAKE QUICK MONEY; AMERICAN. I've been in Doha for about a month now. Does anyone know how I can make some quick money? I came to Doha looking for IT work.,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2232,Q118_R23,Q118_R31,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
2233,Q118_R23,Q118_R37,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Irrelevant
2234,Q118_R23,Q118_R43,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Irrelevant
2235,Q118_R23,Q118_R50,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2236,Q118_R23,Q118_R54,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2237,Q118_R23,Q118_R58,Do i need to change my money to QAR or USD?. Hi.. I'm contemplating if I have to change my pocket money to QAR or USD before I go there.. Since there is no QAR available here. Thanks!,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2238,Q118_R31,Q118_R37,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Irrelevant
2239,Q118_R31,Q118_R43,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Irrelevant
2240,Q118_R31,Q118_R50,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2241,Q118_R31,Q118_R54,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2242,Q118_R31,Q118_R58,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2243,Q118_R37,Q118_R43,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Irrelevant
2244,Q118_R37,Q118_R50,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2245,Q118_R37,Q118_R54,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2246,Q118_R37,Q118_R58,do you think money is a way to happiness ??. Hi Peeps i would like to know your op' about that does money buy happiness ?? ; would u be able to enjoy your life with less money ?? i'm sick and tired of seeing people talking about money and not convinced of what they have although they live in comfortable life have a nice day mates,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2247,Q118_R43,Q118_R50,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Irrelevant
2248,Q118_R43,Q118_R54,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2249,Q118_R43,Q118_R58,Money is everything in ur life;do u agree ?. write your reason !!!,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2250,Q118_R50,Q118_R54,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2251,Q118_R50,Q118_R58,cheapest way to send money from Doha to Philippines. hello. i am new here in doha; qatar. i need a "KABAYAN" help on where to send money from Doha to Philippines in the most safest and cheapest way. Western Union is good but its money exchange rate is too low. I also have a bank account in my born-town. which is which? mga kababayan; suggestions nman diyan.,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2252,Q118_R54,Q118_R58,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,How to make lot of money???. How to make hell lot of money????????????,Irrelevant
2253,Q119_R5,Q119_R24,Visa Extension for My Sister in Law. Dear All; I would like to ask some help/advice from you regarding my sister's in law visa; she is under my sponsorship (family visit visa) and her visa will be expired on Nov.17;2012 (3months from the time she arrive in Doha). My question is; can I still extend her visa for another (1)one month? Please help and advice! Thank you!,Ban in Qatar. I just want to ask if there is new rules about the ban in Qatar;once you are cancelled. Is there any ways to comeback and seek for a job again?,Irrelevant
2254,Q119_R5,Q119_R66,Visa Extension for My Sister in Law. Dear All; I would like to ask some help/advice from you regarding my sister's in law visa; she is under my sponsorship (family visit visa) and her visa will be expired on Nov.17;2012 (3months from the time she arrive in Doha). My question is; can I still extend her visa for another (1)one month? Please help and advice! Thank you!,Cancelled Visa but Wants to Return in Qatar. I was can canceled by my company one month ago. Now I'm here in the Philippines. I want to go back to Qatar. I want to know after how many months must I wait before I can go back again to Qatar? Please help me!!!,Irrelevant
2255,Q119_R24,Q119_R66,Ban in Qatar. I just want to ask if there is new rules about the ban in Qatar;once you are cancelled. Is there any ways to comeback and seek for a job again?,Cancelled Visa but Wants to Return in Qatar. I was can canceled by my company one month ago. Now I'm here in the Philippines. I want to go back to Qatar. I want to know after how many months must I wait before I can go back again to Qatar? Please help me!!!,Irrelevant
2256,Q120_R15,Q120_R17,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Recommendations for car hire in Doha. Soon to move to Doha and will need transport when I get there. Do any of you have reliable recommendations for vehicle hire companies? I shall be looking for a reasonable size vehicle; SUV / MPV. Regards Al,Irrelevant
2257,Q120_R15,Q120_R46,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Irrelevant
2258,Q120_R15,Q120_R54,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Irrelevant
2259,Q120_R15,Q120_R57,Does anyone knows how the TRUTH RENT A CAR AND REAL ESTATE treat their clients/ customer. We used to rent at this company and it seems they dont want to return our deposit; they keep on making excuses everytime we call or visit their office. Any suggestions?,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Irrelevant
2260,Q120_R17,Q120_R46,Recommendations for car hire in Doha. Soon to move to Doha and will need transport when I get there. Do any of you have reliable recommendations for vehicle hire companies? I shall be looking for a reasonable size vehicle; SUV / MPV. Regards Al,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Irrelevant
2261,Q120_R17,Q120_R54,Recommendations for car hire in Doha. Soon to move to Doha and will need transport when I get there. Do any of you have reliable recommendations for vehicle hire companies? I shall be looking for a reasonable size vehicle; SUV / MPV. Regards Al,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Irrelevant
2262,Q120_R17,Q120_R57,Recommendations for car hire in Doha. Soon to move to Doha and will need transport when I get there. Do any of you have reliable recommendations for vehicle hire companies? I shall be looking for a reasonable size vehicle; SUV / MPV. Regards Al,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Irrelevant
2263,Q120_R46,Q120_R54,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Irrelevant
2264,Q120_R46,Q120_R57,Is there a place to rent a motorcycle. I'll only be in Doha for 3 months and would rather rent a Motorcycle then rent a car; now that the weather is cooling off. I haven't been into the one dealership I saw because I think they're only selling new bikes right? Its difficult for me to find phone numbers for these places so if anyone had some input on the best way to start riding here I would be most grateful.,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Irrelevant
2265,Q120_R54,Q120_R57,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Renting a bus for sight-seeing. I'm organizing a one day trip in Qatar for friends.  I need a bus to travel with them.  Toyota Coaster is a nice-sized bus.  Where can I rent a bus? ,Irrelevant
2266,Q121_R2,Q121_R3,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Irrelevant
2267,Q121_R2,Q121_R20,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Irrelevant
2268,Q121_R2,Q121_R23,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Irrelevant
2269,Q121_R2,Q121_R26,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
2270,Q121_R2,Q121_R29,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Irrelevant
2271,Q121_R2,Q121_R32,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2272,Q121_R2,Q121_R34,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2273,Q121_R2,Q121_R35,Tears..Any Idea. How to get 1 litre Tears.....???,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2274,Q121_R3,Q121_R20,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Irrelevant
2275,Q121_R3,Q121_R23,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Irrelevant
2276,Q121_R3,Q121_R26,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
2277,Q121_R3,Q121_R29,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Irrelevant
2278,Q121_R3,Q121_R32,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2279,Q121_R3,Q121_R34,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2280,Q121_R3,Q121_R35,how much donation for engineering?. Hi; Sir I'm going for Engeering. To India So I actually wanted to noe how much does the collage people take for the seat...I mean donation money. ..in other language rishwat? How much they take for engeering admissions Any guess plzzz its reaally urgent for me to noe this!!!! I want to arrange some money fot it b4 o go plzz,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2281,Q121_R20,Q121_R23,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Irrelevant
2282,Q121_R20,Q121_R26,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
2283,Q121_R20,Q121_R29,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Irrelevant
2284,Q121_R20,Q121_R32,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2285,Q121_R20,Q121_R34,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2286,Q121_R20,Q121_R35,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2287,Q121_R23,Q121_R26,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
2288,Q121_R23,Q121_R29,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Irrelevant
2289,Q121_R23,Q121_R32,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2290,Q121_R23,Q121_R34,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2291,Q121_R23,Q121_R35,Freighting stuff from UK to Dukhan. Hello everybody; We are wondering if any one has recently freighted stuff from UK to Dukhan. So far; I have found a number of Removal/Freighting Companies who only deliver to Doha. I guess we have to arrange to get stuff from Doha to Dukhan?  If so does anyone know of companies to refer?  Any idea of cost etc etc Your help much appreciated.,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2292,Q121_R26,Q121_R29,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Irrelevant
2293,Q121_R26,Q121_R32,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2294,Q121_R26,Q121_R34,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2295,Q121_R26,Q121_R35,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2296,Q121_R29,Q121_R32,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
2297,Q121_R29,Q121_R34,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2298,Q121_R29,Q121_R35,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2299,Q121_R32,Q121_R34,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,Irrelevant
2300,Q121_R32,Q121_R35,Event Coordinator / Manager Salary ?. Hi!! What is the average salary range for Event Coordinator or Event Manager? Generally which one is higher designation in Qatar. Thanks in advance :),NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2301,Q121_R34,Q121_R35,ANNIVERSARY GIFT: any idea?. I know; I know... There are maybe tens topics with the same subject.. but please don’t suggest “to make a search”…new people are coming to QL; with new experience; with fresh ideas… so please again: Any idea about the nice gift for the nice guy for the anniversary?… thanks….,NEW IN QATAR. Hello! Just wanted to say HI and MAY I JOIN IN? My husband's leaving for Qatar on the 29th (for the first time) and hopefully; our daughter and I will follow once he's over his probationary period. Do you; guys have any idea how soon can we get our visa? He'll be working with QP; and probationary period is 3 months. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2302,Q122_R17,Q122_R30,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
2303,Q122_R17,Q122_R46,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,Irrelevant
2304,Q122_R17,Q122_R48,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,Irrelevant
2305,Q122_R17,Q122_R52,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,Irrelevant
2306,Q122_R17,Q122_R53,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2307,Q122_R17,Q122_R76,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2308,Q122_R17,Q122_R80,Help needed to apply schengen visa. Hi guys.. Does anyone of you know how to apply a schengen visa particularly french visa? Im planning to travel for vacation but the info i read in google confuses me... It looks complicated to me.,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2309,Q122_R30,Q122_R46,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,Irrelevant
2310,Q122_R30,Q122_R48,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,Irrelevant
2311,Q122_R30,Q122_R52,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,Irrelevant
2312,Q122_R30,Q122_R53,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2313,Q122_R30,Q122_R76,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2314,Q122_R30,Q122_R80,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2315,Q122_R46,Q122_R48,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,Irrelevant
2316,Q122_R46,Q122_R52,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,Irrelevant
2317,Q122_R46,Q122_R53,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2318,Q122_R46,Q122_R76,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2319,Q122_R46,Q122_R80,Travel packages for Eid Holidays. Which travel agency has good packages for Eid Holidays with low prices? Can anyone recomend me any Travel agency who arranges travel packages? thanks,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2320,Q122_R48,Q122_R52,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,Irrelevant
2321,Q122_R48,Q122_R53,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2322,Q122_R48,Q122_R76,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2323,Q122_R48,Q122_R80,lost baggage in air arabia. what is the procedure for lost baggage in air arabia; the air arabia representatives (ragency travels) they said there will be a compensation i.e. 20 $ per killo. who knows th etrue situation? as far as I concern our baggage worth more than 200$; and it is very unfare to just pay for the weight of the bag.,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2324,Q122_R52,Q122_R53,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2325,Q122_R52,Q122_R76,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2326,Q122_R52,Q122_R80,Holidays and vacations from Doha?. Not living in Doha at the moment; but I wondered if travelling on vacation is expensive from Doha and whether holiday packages are common? I had a quick look on the Doha's Regency Travel and Tours website and the choice of packages shown online is extremely limited. Is this representative; or are there lots of travel agents on the high streets that can arrange regular holiday packages at a reasonable price? Many thanks; Sarah,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2327,Q122_R53,Q122_R76,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Irrelevant
2328,Q122_R53,Q122_R80,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2329,Q122_R76,Q122_R80,personal loan and lost job w/ no relase. i just got my loan 6 months ago and i been terminated by the company.What will be the procedures with the bank regarding my loan?my company is not giving release?is there any chance that my company will release me to continue paying my loan?Is there an insurance for all personal loans?if there is how long it will take to get the clearance from the bank?please advised.,Need to get our dog to Doha!!. Can anyone advise on what the procedure is for us here in Doha to get our dog here from SA. How do I apply for the permit? Help please..,Irrelevant
2330,Q123_R6,Q123_R13,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,Irrelevant
2331,Q123_R6,Q123_R15,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Irrelevant
2332,Q123_R6,Q123_R19,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Irrelevant
2333,Q123_R6,Q123_R44,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Irrelevant
2334,Q123_R6,Q123_R49,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
2335,Q123_R6,Q123_R50,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2336,Q123_R6,Q123_R54,Qatar should have Amusement Parks and Water Theme Parks?? Whts your say???. Qatar should think of making Amusement parks and Water theme Parks other than making Buildings and villa with no one to stay in??? Whts your Say on this???,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2337,Q123_R13,Q123_R15,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Irrelevant
2338,Q123_R13,Q123_R19,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Irrelevant
2339,Q123_R13,Q123_R44,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Irrelevant
2340,Q123_R13,Q123_R49,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
2341,Q123_R13,Q123_R50,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2342,Q123_R13,Q123_R54,Aqua Park - Qatar (check video). I havent been there; still.. but found this video and I like it. Did anyone visit it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZqRSTg49o,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2343,Q123_R15,Q123_R19,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Irrelevant
2344,Q123_R15,Q123_R44,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Irrelevant
2345,Q123_R15,Q123_R49,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
2346,Q123_R15,Q123_R50,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2347,Q123_R15,Q123_R54,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2348,Q123_R19,Q123_R44,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Irrelevant
2349,Q123_R19,Q123_R49,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
2350,Q123_R19,Q123_R50,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2351,Q123_R19,Q123_R54,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2352,Q123_R44,Q123_R49,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
2353,Q123_R44,Q123_R50,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2354,Q123_R44,Q123_R54,Been to Singapore;anyone?. We are planning to visit Singapore during Christmas season; next month; Godwilling.Any suggestions or tips are most welcome.We have to start from scratch(Scratching the head only has begun...) Since we will not be making another trip to that part of the earth in a long time; a trip which touches Thailand; Malaysia;etc would be great.But we really dont have an idea and are running out of time... Type in your tips; buddies....!!,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2355,Q123_R49,Q123_R50,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
2356,Q123_R49,Q123_R54,Disney World. Dears; I'm planning to take kids to the Disney World this summer. They are at the ages I feel most appropriate to enjoy the place. If anyone had been there; please help. Which hotel to choose ( suitable for an infant); what kind of tickets to buy? What are the best attractions? I'm lost. Thanks in advance,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2357,Q123_R50,Q123_R54,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Top 5 Movies of all times - My list. 1) The Godfather 2) Forrest Gump 3) Gladiator 4) Titanic 5) Land Before Time - Yup Yup Yup lol What's yours?,Irrelevant
2358,Q124_R4,Q124_R6,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,Irrelevant
2359,Q124_R4,Q124_R9,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,Irrelevant
2360,Q124_R4,Q124_R18,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2361,Q124_R4,Q124_R21,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Irrelevant
2362,Q124_R4,Q124_R23,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,Irrelevant
2363,Q124_R4,Q124_R27,Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR. Why many Qlers using fake AVTAR and very rare users using some short of clear picture. Even senior Qlers also not encouraging these trends; so how come we expect with the new commerce?,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2364,Q124_R6,Q124_R9,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,Irrelevant
2365,Q124_R6,Q124_R18,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2366,Q124_R6,Q124_R21,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Irrelevant
2367,Q124_R6,Q124_R23,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,Irrelevant
2368,Q124_R6,Q124_R27,who are the trolls in QATAR LIVING?. i am newbie here so i dont have any idea who are those stupid ID'S.....,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2369,Q124_R9,Q124_R18,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2370,Q124_R9,Q124_R21,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Irrelevant
2371,Q124_R9,Q124_R23,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,Irrelevant
2372,Q124_R9,Q124_R27,Do I know you?. Why do some people sent friend request to people whom they have not interacted in any thread? I don’t accept buddy request unless I notice their comments here. And some male ids got only female friends…and some female ids got only male friends....why so? Can someone give a logical answer to this? Illogical answers are not accepted..lol,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2373,Q124_R18,Q124_R21,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Irrelevant
2374,Q124_R18,Q124_R23,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,Irrelevant
2375,Q124_R18,Q124_R27,You tube. Hi everyone! I try to sign up in You tube. Then after I click the create my account; this message shows: Sorry. Based on the information you have submitted to us; you are ineligible to register for YouTube.com. But why?! I really have no idea in this one. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2376,Q124_R21,Q124_R23,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,Irrelevant
2377,Q124_R21,Q124_R27,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2378,Q124_R23,Q124_R27,Welcome back Guys :). Where is my Qlers ?:P,cheaters;romantic;pretenders;liers... man or woman??? in time of relationships between man and woman we expirience the cheats;lies;romance and pretending of each other..who is the most doing of this..man or woman??,Irrelevant
2379,Q125_R25,Q125_R55,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
2380,Q125_R25,Q125_R56,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
2381,Q125_R25,Q125_R60,Ladies Tailor?. Does anyone know of a good ladies tailor in Doha? I&#39;m not too interested in ones who can only sew the standard black abaya/cloaks. I&#39;m looking for a tailor who can sew something more casual.... Thanks!,What types of shoes for women to wear?. Do women wear open toe or closed toe shoes in Qatar? What is an acceptable height of heel? What women's shoes are accepted in Qatari culture? Are expat women held to the same standard (regarding shoes) as qatari women? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2382,Q125_R55,Q125_R56,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
2383,Q125_R55,Q125_R60,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,What types of shoes for women to wear?. Do women wear open toe or closed toe shoes in Qatar? What is an acceptable height of heel? What women's shoes are accepted in Qatari culture? Are expat women held to the same standard (regarding shoes) as qatari women? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2384,Q125_R56,Q125_R60,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,What types of shoes for women to wear?. Do women wear open toe or closed toe shoes in Qatar? What is an acceptable height of heel? What women's shoes are accepted in Qatari culture? Are expat women held to the same standard (regarding shoes) as qatari women? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2385,Q126_R5,Q126_R6,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Irrelevant
2386,Q126_R5,Q126_R14,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
2387,Q126_R5,Q126_R15,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2388,Q126_R5,Q126_R18,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Irrelevant
2389,Q126_R5,Q126_R20,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2390,Q126_R5,Q126_R23,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2391,Q126_R5,Q126_R28,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2392,Q126_R5,Q126_R45,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2393,Q126_R5,Q126_R46,qatar;raslaffan. Hi all; I am indian living in india.My husband is working in gama qatar.the company is not providing family visa.I want to know y the company is not providing family visa? I want to live with my husband.Pls tell me some ways to live in qatar with him.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2394,Q126_R6,Q126_R14,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
2395,Q126_R6,Q126_R15,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2396,Q126_R6,Q126_R18,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Irrelevant
2397,Q126_R6,Q126_R20,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2398,Q126_R6,Q126_R23,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2399,Q126_R6,Q126_R28,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2400,Q126_R6,Q126_R45,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2401,Q126_R6,Q126_R46,how to find a job?. hi i am new at this forum; so sorry if u were already speaking about this topic. i am planning to move to doha on the end of this year; together with husband. he is chef in the restaurant and we are wondering how to find jobs for both of us . I am speaking english ; arabic; greek and serbian; so maybe if it is possible something in the tourism. which web sites i should visit? thanx,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2402,Q126_R14,Q126_R15,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2403,Q126_R14,Q126_R18,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Irrelevant
2404,Q126_R14,Q126_R20,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2405,Q126_R14,Q126_R23,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2406,Q126_R14,Q126_R28,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2407,Q126_R14,Q126_R45,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2408,Q126_R14,Q126_R46,Cornich. hi every body eid mubarak !!!!!!!!!!!!! do some one no whey they r stopping ppl on foort to go to cornich i must have a car to go in ?????????????? happy eid !!!!!!!!!!!!!,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2409,Q126_R15,Q126_R18,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Irrelevant
2410,Q126_R15,Q126_R20,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2411,Q126_R15,Q126_R23,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2412,Q126_R15,Q126_R28,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2413,Q126_R15,Q126_R45,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2414,Q126_R15,Q126_R46,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2415,Q126_R18,Q126_R20,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2416,Q126_R18,Q126_R23,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2417,Q126_R18,Q126_R28,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2418,Q126_R18,Q126_R45,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2419,Q126_R18,Q126_R46,Is this the new RP requirement for family??. I went to immigration this morning for babys RP; I want to be her sponsor; she is in doha on visit visa but I and wife have residence with different companies; I have all the documents. But they said there is a new rule that the wife has to be the sponsor even if her salary is low. Any one been through this can confirm?,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2420,Q126_R20,Q126_R23,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Irrelevant
2421,Q126_R20,Q126_R28,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2422,Q126_R20,Q126_R45,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2423,Q126_R20,Q126_R46,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2424,Q126_R23,Q126_R28,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Irrelevant
2425,Q126_R23,Q126_R45,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2426,Q126_R23,Q126_R46,Cycling in Doha. Is cycling in Doha with the family viable or does the heat and road conditions make it unwise? Any parks work going round? Trying to figure out if its worth bringing our bikes across.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2427,Q126_R28,Q126_R45,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
2428,Q126_R28,Q126_R46,Any volleyball in Doha?. Hi Just in to Doha Does anyone out there play; or know of any volleyball happening in Doha; either competitive or social? If not; is anyone interested in starting something up? I'm happy to try to arrange things; but it will take me a little time to find my way around venues etc.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2429,Q126_R45,Q126_R46,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
2430,Q128_R47,Q128_R52,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
2431,Q129_R8,Q129_R42,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Irrelevant
2432,Q129_R8,Q129_R66,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Irrelevant
2433,Q129_R8,Q129_R67,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2434,Q129_R8,Q129_R86,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Irrelevant
2435,Q129_R8,Q129_R90,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Irrelevant
2436,Q129_R8,Q129_R98,WHEN will iPhone 4 come to doha?. Yes when will iPhone 4 Come to Qatar? & What shop will it be in ( ik it will be June 24 for usa uk etc. ) but when in Qatar,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2437,Q129_R42,Q129_R66,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Irrelevant
2438,Q129_R42,Q129_R67,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2439,Q129_R42,Q129_R86,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Irrelevant
2440,Q129_R42,Q129_R90,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Irrelevant
2441,Q129_R42,Q129_R98,Qatrr ready for iphone 6 well are we?. Its nearly here at 8pm our time we will hear the about the release about the iphone 6. Do you really care? Are you passionate about technology? If yes then what do you or dont you like? Yes call us geeks freeks weeks meeks or chics but one day you will have to sit next to one(oops sorry took that last bit from BIll Gates) . Spread your knowledge about which piece of technology you like and what you would love to see in the future.,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2442,Q129_R66,Q129_R67,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2443,Q129_R66,Q129_R86,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Irrelevant
2444,Q129_R66,Q129_R90,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Irrelevant
2445,Q129_R66,Q129_R98,Is Blackberry available in Doha?. I wanted to buy a new mobile phone/PDA and wondering whether there's a shop in Doha selling Blackberry? Update : Blackberry now available in Qatar and Price of Blackberry Phones in Qatar on Q-Tel,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2446,Q129_R67,Q129_R86,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Irrelevant
2447,Q129_R67,Q129_R90,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Irrelevant
2448,Q129_R67,Q129_R98,Sea Line Resort. Does Anyone know how much the prices start from? Thanks.,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2449,Q129_R86,Q129_R90,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Irrelevant
2450,Q129_R86,Q129_R98,Cheapest place to buy PS3. just curious as the where is the cheapest place to buy a playstation 3 from as have finally decided to go out and buy one??,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2451,Q129_R90,Q129_R98,Saudi Arabia - Al Khafji City. Hello all; I have been offered a job in Saudi Arabia.  I have been asked to work in Khafji during my contract. I was offered 65000 per month Saudi Rial inclusive - Married status.  Is this a  good offer?  I have to find accomodation.  Any advice.  What about in Al Khafi?I would like to take my wife there.  She is a registered nurse. Any advice is most appreciated. Many thanks Bigfoot,Is Skype blocked in Qatar??. Hi all; I know that Qatar has a censored Internet; so is Skype and any other similiar phone services blocked?? What kind of stuff does the Qatar Internet block and does it get annoying to the point that you might need to switch to un censored service such as Orbit? Please advice; thanks,Irrelevant
2452,Q130_R18,Q130_R23,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Beaches. Hi there does anyone know what beaches are cool to go to ... safe ; clean ; sandy ... where i can go with my daughter to? I have tried calling some of the hotels though the beaches are for member only ???? :S West bay is fairly close to me but is there any part of it i can go to without paying charges or through an hotel which actually lets non members in? thanks,Irrelevant
2453,Q130_R18,Q130_R31,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Moving to the USA - Need advices. Hello I will be moving to USA soon to take up a job. I have heard many stories about the place regarding clothes. Can you please advice on what to wear ? I don't want to stand out. Do I have to wear cowboy boots like Mr George Bush ?,Irrelevant
2454,Q130_R23,Q130_R31,Beaches. Hi there does anyone know what beaches are cool to go to ... safe ; clean ; sandy ... where i can go with my daughter to? I have tried calling some of the hotels though the beaches are for member only ???? :S West bay is fairly close to me but is there any part of it i can go to without paying charges or through an hotel which actually lets non members in? thanks,Moving to the USA - Need advices. Hello I will be moving to USA soon to take up a job. I have heard many stories about the place regarding clothes. Can you please advice on what to wear ? I don't want to stand out. Do I have to wear cowboy boots like Mr George Bush ?,Irrelevant
2455,Q131_R13,Q131_R92,Business Visa and NOC. Hello everyone; I'm already here in Qatar a month ago under business visa with my sponsor. Do I still need an NOC in order to apply for another company here in Qatar if ever I decide to go home on the 3 month period of the business visa? Thanks.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2456,Q132_R59,Q132_R60,Is hmc (or rumailah) really a hospital. Is hmc (or rumailah) really a hospital or ???   Do we have to wait 3-4 months just to see a doctor. for example for skin specialist. Is this value for an expat in QATAR. Is this an hospital or a railway station   ​,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,Irrelevant
2457,Q132_R59,Q132_R62,Is hmc (or rumailah) really a hospital. Is hmc (or rumailah) really a hospital or ???   Do we have to wait 3-4 months just to see a doctor. for example for skin specialist. Is this value for an expat in QATAR. Is this an hospital or a railway station   ​,Hair Salon in Doha. Can any girls recommend a good hair salon / hairdress in Doha? And what should one expect to pay...,Irrelevant
2458,Q132_R60,Q132_R62,What is the best medicine for acne vulgaris?. Hi guys; It's almost 5 months that i have a very itchy acne and they called it acne vulgaris; i try to search some medicine on net and i tried so many creams and gel but it seems no effect. i even consult a dermatology and they perscribed medicine gel and even soap still my acne become worse. Anybody at the same condition or any body knows any medicine for this one as it is really loose my confident. Your advise is really appreciated.,Hair Salon in Doha. Can any girls recommend a good hair salon / hairdress in Doha? And what should one expect to pay...,Irrelevant
2459,Q133_R4,Q133_R10,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Irrelevant
2460,Q133_R4,Q133_R31,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Irrelevant
2461,Q133_R4,Q133_R55,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2462,Q133_R4,Q133_R79,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Irrelevant
2463,Q133_R4,Q133_R83,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
2464,Q133_R4,Q133_R87,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2465,Q133_R10,Q133_R31,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Irrelevant
2466,Q133_R10,Q133_R55,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2467,Q133_R10,Q133_R79,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Irrelevant
2468,Q133_R10,Q133_R83,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
2469,Q133_R10,Q133_R87,Stay without Sponsor. Hi.how can one live and work in Qatar without a sponsor?,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2470,Q133_R31,Q133_R55,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Irrelevant
2471,Q133_R31,Q133_R79,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Irrelevant
2472,Q133_R31,Q133_R83,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
2473,Q133_R31,Q133_R87,Minimum salary to sponsor family. Dear Guys; I find this form is very useful. I am graduate and got an offer of 10;000 QAR as Project Manager recently from a software company. I do not have GCC experience. Will this amount be sufficient for me to sponsor my family (of two excluding me)? Thankx in advance. ​,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2474,Q133_R55,Q133_R79,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Irrelevant
2475,Q133_R55,Q133_R83,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
2476,Q133_R55,Q133_R87,Wife Sponsorship. My wife is working in a government company as a nurse. With regards to her salary; she is capable to sponsor a family visa(husband and our children) What is the possibility that I can transfer the sponsorship from my current company sponsor to my wife?How about my children? I am planning to resign with my work becuase they are not giving NOC after receiving a good offer from the government company. Can somebody help me on this issue? Thanks.,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2477,Q133_R79,Q133_R83,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
2478,Q133_R79,Q133_R87,Can Husband Work under Wife's Sponsorship. Hello; My husband is currently sponsored by a company. He has been working there for the last 5 years. He asked for a release; but his manager refuses to give him one. I am also sponsored by my company separate from my husband's. Can I switch my Husband's sponsorship from his company to mine so that he can leave his current job and pursue something else? We thought this may be a work around to the situation he is in. Thanks,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2479,Q133_R83,Q133_R87,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Exit Permit while Sponsor outside Qatar?. Dear Friends; My son; who is working here on my sponsorship; will be in Doha while I would be outside Qatar on my leave. My question is: Can I get my son’s Exit Permit NOW having advance dates and proceed to my vacations? I am confused that while mine being outside Qatar; my son may have problem getting outside Qatar; during my leave time?,Irrelevant
2480,Q134_R4,Q134_R23,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Irrelevant
2481,Q134_R4,Q134_R30,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Irrelevant
2482,Q134_R4,Q134_R32,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Irrelevant
2483,Q134_R4,Q134_R35,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Irrelevant
2484,Q134_R4,Q134_R37,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Irrelevant
2485,Q134_R4,Q134_R40,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2486,Q134_R4,Q134_R43,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2487,Q134_R4,Q134_R44,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2488,Q134_R4,Q134_R48,Is it true that Qataris don't like Qatar?. I am asking on a level of ordinary qataris not well placed ones? I see it as they consider qatar as a Bank and come to take money and then stay somewhere else.,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2489,Q134_R23,Q134_R30,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Irrelevant
2490,Q134_R23,Q134_R32,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Irrelevant
2491,Q134_R23,Q134_R35,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Irrelevant
2492,Q134_R23,Q134_R37,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Irrelevant
2493,Q134_R23,Q134_R40,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2494,Q134_R23,Q134_R43,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2495,Q134_R23,Q134_R44,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2496,Q134_R23,Q134_R48,Is it true; Khanan?. ...that you added another year today? HAPPY BIRTHDAY; PADRE!,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2497,Q134_R30,Q134_R32,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Irrelevant
2498,Q134_R30,Q134_R35,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Irrelevant
2499,Q134_R30,Q134_R37,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Irrelevant
2500,Q134_R30,Q134_R40,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2501,Q134_R30,Q134_R43,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2502,Q134_R30,Q134_R44,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2503,Q134_R30,Q134_R48,Traffic Violations Fines have been Trippled; Is it True ???. Is it true that Traffic fines are now within the range of 10000 - 50000QR ????????? Does anybody know for certain or is this just a rumour.,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2504,Q134_R32,Q134_R35,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Irrelevant
2505,Q134_R32,Q134_R37,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Irrelevant
2506,Q134_R32,Q134_R40,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2507,Q134_R32,Q134_R43,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2508,Q134_R32,Q134_R44,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2509,Q134_R32,Q134_R48,Is it true unemployed women can't drive?. Im currently in the process of getting my driver's license. im going for my road test for the 2nd time next week. im currently working but next im thinking of taking off from work to further my education. so if i decide to quit my job will i get my license taken away? because i heard a while ago that only working women would be allowed to get drivers license.,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2510,Q134_R35,Q134_R37,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Irrelevant
2511,Q134_R35,Q134_R40,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2512,Q134_R35,Q134_R43,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2513,Q134_R35,Q134_R44,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2514,Q134_R35,Q134_R48,Is it true about the general increase salary. There are some rumors abt the general increase for all company here in Qatar before the end of this year? What's you views on this?,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2515,Q134_R37,Q134_R40,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Irrelevant
2516,Q134_R37,Q134_R43,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2517,Q134_R37,Q134_R44,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2518,Q134_R37,Q134_R48,Is it true??? VISIT VISA????. Is it true that personal visit visa cannot extend to 5 months as per today news? Validity is only one month-- no more extension?,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2519,Q134_R40,Q134_R43,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Irrelevant
2520,Q134_R40,Q134_R44,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2521,Q134_R40,Q134_R48,Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar?. Is it true that Jordanians now are being banned from Qatar; I want to know because I am a Jordanian and I signed a contract with governmental company in Qatar since September 2008 ( so since 5 months ) and I contacted them several times and they keep saying : your visa still under procedure; I beginning to lose hope; so is it true that there is no visas now for Jordanians?,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2522,Q134_R43,Q134_R44,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Irrelevant
2523,Q134_R43,Q134_R48,IS IT TRUE?????. that have new rules today; when the police saw your car which is very dirty they will fine you QR 300 ???,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2524,Q134_R44,Q134_R48,Is it true that only husband with a monthly salary of not less than QAR7000 can sponsor his wife?. Good day! I have plans to get my wife; but this information I gathered a month ago is bothering me. Please give me an insight regarding this one. Your response is highly appreciated. Thank you very much.,Is it true you can't come back to Qatar for 2 years if employer doesn't give NO OBJECTION CERTIFICICATE (NOC)?. ,Irrelevant
2525,Q135_R5,Q135_R15,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Irrelevant
2526,Q135_R5,Q135_R16,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Irrelevant
2527,Q135_R5,Q135_R19,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Irrelevant
2528,Q135_R5,Q135_R27,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2529,Q135_R5,Q135_R29,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Irrelevant
2530,Q135_R5,Q135_R34,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2531,Q135_R5,Q135_R36,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2532,Q135_R5,Q135_R37,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2533,Q135_R5,Q135_R41,Thai Food. Where's the best place to get really good Thai Food; my favorite meal????,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2534,Q135_R15,Q135_R16,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Irrelevant
2535,Q135_R15,Q135_R19,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Irrelevant
2536,Q135_R15,Q135_R27,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2537,Q135_R15,Q135_R29,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Irrelevant
2538,Q135_R15,Q135_R34,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2539,Q135_R15,Q135_R36,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2540,Q135_R15,Q135_R37,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2541,Q135_R15,Q135_R41,Where can I get this kind of Chocolate?. HI; Was asked to help buy some chocolates. Heard of the Arabian Delights. Anyone knows where I can get them and what's the expected price range? Can I get them from the Waqif Souq or any where else? Thank you,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2542,Q135_R16,Q135_R19,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Irrelevant
2543,Q135_R16,Q135_R27,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2544,Q135_R16,Q135_R29,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Irrelevant
2545,Q135_R16,Q135_R34,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2546,Q135_R16,Q135_R36,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2547,Q135_R16,Q135_R37,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2548,Q135_R16,Q135_R41,Business in Qatar. Qatar is rapidly developing and seems the place to start a business; but it seems to be very difficult. It involves food and beverages. As far as I heard I need a qatary partnership. How much money do you think I need? What about the papers and approvals? Can you give me an advice as in what I need and where should I go ? And if you've been through this or you have friends who have ; how much time it took? Thank you,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2549,Q135_R19,Q135_R27,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2550,Q135_R19,Q135_R29,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Irrelevant
2551,Q135_R19,Q135_R34,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2552,Q135_R19,Q135_R36,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2553,Q135_R19,Q135_R37,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2554,Q135_R19,Q135_R41,Anyone with banking experience with IBQ?. Hi; does anyone have banking experience with IBQ? How is the bank in terms of reliability; customer service quality; interest rates & payment; convenience; etc? Thanx.,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2555,Q135_R27,Q135_R29,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Irrelevant
2556,Q135_R27,Q135_R34,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2557,Q135_R27,Q135_R36,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2558,Q135_R27,Q135_R37,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2559,Q135_R27,Q135_R41,Child Support in UK. Can you avoid paying your child maintenance to a child in the UK when you are a UK citizen with Permanent Residency of Qatar and employed with UAE employer? any help would be great. Thanks.,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2560,Q135_R29,Q135_R34,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Irrelevant
2561,Q135_R29,Q135_R36,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2562,Q135_R29,Q135_R37,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2563,Q135_R29,Q135_R41,Cycling at corniche.??. Hellow! will someone of u explain for me wat is it for.?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2564,Q135_R34,Q135_R36,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Irrelevant
2565,Q135_R34,Q135_R37,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2566,Q135_R34,Q135_R41,I can hear fireworks!!. Whats special about today? I can hear fireworks at a distance.,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2567,Q135_R36,Q135_R37,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Irrelevant
2568,Q135_R36,Q135_R41,Housemaid left stealing gold. The housemaid she was working for me only in the morning time runway stealing 220g of Gold. As she told her name is Jaya from Pathanamthitta in Kerala in India. Does anybody know anything about her?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2569,Q135_R37,Q135_R41,how's ur weekend?. how does ur weekends usually go? was it nice? was it bad? by all means rant here in general. just curious how ppl spend their weekends/free time in qatar. basically im wondering how ppl get a date; hang out; meet ppl in qatar..but too much questions! so how's ur weekend?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
2570,Q136_R16,Q136_R24,This Topic is About Shopping in Doha. Well as you all know there are many shopping malls over here in Qatar..such as City Centre; The Mall ;lulu ; Villagio etc...so you all tell that from where you guyz like to do shopping? :),Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Irrelevant
2571,Q136_R16,Q136_R30,This Topic is About Shopping in Doha. Well as you all know there are many shopping malls over here in Qatar..such as City Centre; The Mall ;lulu ; Villagio etc...so you all tell that from where you guyz like to do shopping? :),Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
2572,Q136_R16,Q136_R33,This Topic is About Shopping in Doha. Well as you all know there are many shopping malls over here in Qatar..such as City Centre; The Mall ;lulu ; Villagio etc...so you all tell that from where you guyz like to do shopping? :),Fitness First Gym at Villagio?. I read that they will open a branch at Villagio? can anyone inform me more about this? CANT WAIT IF TRUE! I literally live 2 min away from Villagio!!,Irrelevant
2573,Q136_R16,Q136_R39,This Topic is About Shopping in Doha. Well as you all know there are many shopping malls over here in Qatar..such as City Centre; The Mall ;lulu ; Villagio etc...so you all tell that from where you guyz like to do shopping? :),Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
2574,Q136_R24,Q136_R30,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Irrelevant
2575,Q136_R24,Q136_R33,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Fitness First Gym at Villagio?. I read that they will open a branch at Villagio? can anyone inform me more about this? CANT WAIT IF TRUE! I literally live 2 min away from Villagio!!,Irrelevant
2576,Q136_R24,Q136_R39,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
2577,Q136_R30,Q136_R33,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Fitness First Gym at Villagio?. I read that they will open a branch at Villagio? can anyone inform me more about this? CANT WAIT IF TRUE! I literally live 2 min away from Villagio!!,Irrelevant
2578,Q136_R30,Q136_R39,Hair dresser for men. I have been here since November and not managed to get a decent haircut yet! Any recommendations?,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
2579,Q136_R33,Q136_R39,Fitness First Gym at Villagio?. I read that they will open a branch at Villagio? can anyone inform me more about this? CANT WAIT IF TRUE! I literally live 2 min away from Villagio!!,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
2580,Q138_R10,Q138_R27,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Irrelevant
2581,Q138_R10,Q138_R32,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
2582,Q138_R10,Q138_R33,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Irrelevant
2583,Q138_R10,Q138_R38,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Irrelevant
2584,Q138_R10,Q138_R40,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2585,Q138_R10,Q138_R41,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2586,Q138_R10,Q138_R45,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2587,Q138_R10,Q138_R51,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2588,Q138_R27,Q138_R32,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
2589,Q138_R27,Q138_R33,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Irrelevant
2590,Q138_R27,Q138_R38,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Irrelevant
2591,Q138_R27,Q138_R40,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2592,Q138_R27,Q138_R41,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2593,Q138_R27,Q138_R45,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2594,Q138_R27,Q138_R51,Doing MBA in Qatar. Dear all; i need tips and advise on doing MBA in Qatar? Anyone of you doing or have info; bearing in mind i am working and looking for either weekend classes or worst case evenings; really do not want to do online or distance learing and it does not hold the best value; so what is the best option? I am thinking about MBA related to Finance as I am the Finance and Admin Manager. Also share with me univ and costs etc and ranking of university; thanks in advance. Regards; Irf,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2595,Q138_R32,Q138_R33,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Irrelevant
2596,Q138_R32,Q138_R38,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Irrelevant
2597,Q138_R32,Q138_R40,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2598,Q138_R32,Q138_R41,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2599,Q138_R32,Q138_R45,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2600,Q138_R32,Q138_R51,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2601,Q138_R33,Q138_R38,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Irrelevant
2602,Q138_R33,Q138_R40,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2603,Q138_R33,Q138_R41,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2604,Q138_R33,Q138_R45,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2605,Q138_R33,Q138_R51,Any Indians in Doha???. Hi Guys...My name is Kunal & I have recently joined Qatar Living. I will soon be shifting from Abu Dhabi to Doha and joining a big real estate group here. I would like to know whether there are any Social & cultural groups for Indians like the Indian Social Centre of UAE? Secondly; are there any good Indian chain of restaurants like Moti Mahal; Delhi Darbar etc...??? And lastly; are there any Hindi movies played in Doha theatres?,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2606,Q138_R38,Q138_R40,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
2607,Q138_R38,Q138_R41,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2608,Q138_R38,Q138_R45,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2609,Q138_R38,Q138_R51,Did anyone start using QTELs' new INTERNATIONAL CALLING CARD Service named DAWLI...???. ,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2610,Q138_R40,Q138_R41,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
2611,Q138_R40,Q138_R45,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2612,Q138_R40,Q138_R51,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2613,Q138_R41,Q138_R45,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2614,Q138_R41,Q138_R51,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2615,Q138_R45,Q138_R51,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
2616,Q139_R20,Q139_R26,DO we have to get permission to do fireworks?. A friend of mine is kindda planning a party for new year's eve. She asked me if they should get permission to do fireworks; then I was like; 'I dont know?' Can someone help on this?,Just heard loads of fireworks. So is it Eid now?,Irrelevant
2617,Q139_R20,Q139_R87,DO we have to get permission to do fireworks?. A friend of mine is kindda planning a party for new year's eve. She asked me if they should get permission to do fireworks; then I was like; 'I dont know?' Can someone help on this?,Did you enjoy Qatar National day ?? all reply. Did you enjoy Qatar National day ? and what have u all done in national day....,Irrelevant
2618,Q139_R26,Q139_R87,Just heard loads of fireworks. So is it Eid now?,Did you enjoy Qatar National day ?? all reply. Did you enjoy Qatar National day ? and what have u all done in national day....,Irrelevant
2619,Q140_R7,Q140_R10,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,Irrelevant
2620,Q140_R7,Q140_R12,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,Irrelevant
2621,Q140_R7,Q140_R22,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
2622,Q140_R7,Q140_R26,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Irrelevant
2623,Q140_R7,Q140_R39,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2624,Q140_R7,Q140_R49,Does proximity of school distance matter?. so; we're probably going to be moving from texas shortly after my husband moves.. IF I can find a school for my 2 kids (in elem. school here) and a daycare for the toddler.. (do people not answer emails in qatar? must. get. phonecard) .. in the meantime.. is it a good idea to look for a place to live only after we know where the schools will be?,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2625,Q140_R10,Q140_R12,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,Irrelevant
2626,Q140_R10,Q140_R22,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
2627,Q140_R10,Q140_R26,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Irrelevant
2628,Q140_R10,Q140_R39,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2629,Q140_R10,Q140_R49,Could you recomend me International School?. Hii; I have one doughter who is 4;5 years old. She will be 5 years old next July. We are looking for International School for 2012 - 2013 education period (begin to next september)? Could you advise me international school ? Not : We are looking for mix type schools. Not girls schools. Regards;,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2630,Q140_R12,Q140_R22,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Irrelevant
2631,Q140_R12,Q140_R26,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Irrelevant
2632,Q140_R12,Q140_R39,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2633,Q140_R12,Q140_R49,home schooling groups?. With all the long waiting lists for children getting into the private schools; what happens? Are there many home school groups or private tutor groups in Doha? Or do families go back to their home countries until they can get a place. Any feedback on this will be appreciated.,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2634,Q140_R22,Q140_R26,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Irrelevant
2635,Q140_R22,Q140_R39,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2636,Q140_R22,Q140_R49,Newton British School or Sherborne.... Hi everybody; I'm moving to Qatar in the Summer as my Husband starts a job with Qatar Airways. I'm frantically trying to secure a school place which isn't easy. Does anybody know much about Newton British School or Sherborne ? or any good school that i will be able to get a place for; reception; year 2; year 3 for September. Any help will be greatly received; Many thanks Sarah XX,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2637,Q140_R26,Q140_R39,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Irrelevant
2638,Q140_R26,Q140_R49,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2639,Q140_R39,Q140_R49,Doha School Places September 2012. Hi everyone; my Husband has just got a Job with Qatar Airways and i'm hoping to get my three children into a British School in Doha in September 2012; i need a place in Year 3; Year 2 and Reception. can anybody advise on how likely that is ? i'm not sure if i should stay in the UK until i can get the children into a School or could that be a really long wait ??? any information would be greatly received; Many Thanks XX,Can males wear earrings?. Hi I'm a 14 year old male and I am planning on getting gauges in my ear lobes (small ones about 10g) and I wanted to make sure it's acceptable in Qatar. Also I need to know if it's acceptable for males to wear earrings in the school Qatar Academy; because that's where I'll be attending next year. Thank you so much get back to me ASAP because this has been holding me back towards getting my ears pierced ;D! Thanks! ~Pedro,Irrelevant
2640,Q141_R16,Q141_R18,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Irrelevant
2641,Q141_R16,Q141_R21,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2642,Q141_R16,Q141_R31,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
2643,Q141_R16,Q141_R35,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
2644,Q141_R16,Q141_R38,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Irrelevant
2645,Q141_R16,Q141_R48,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2646,Q141_R16,Q141_R52,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2647,Q141_R16,Q141_R55,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2648,Q141_R16,Q141_R58,meeting with high-profile individuals. If given a chance to have a one on one; 30-minute meeting with these high-profile individuals; what are you going to say? 1. HH the Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani 2. Akbar Al Baker; CEO (Qatar Airways) 3. Sheikh Abdulla bin Mohammed bin Saud Al-Thani; Chairman (Qatar Telecom) 4. Grahame Maher; newly-appointed CEO (Vodafone Qatar) 5. Barack Obama; President-elect (United States),Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2649,Q141_R18,Q141_R21,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
2650,Q141_R18,Q141_R31,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
2651,Q141_R18,Q141_R35,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
2652,Q141_R18,Q141_R38,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Irrelevant
2653,Q141_R18,Q141_R48,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2654,Q141_R18,Q141_R52,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2655,Q141_R18,Q141_R55,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2656,Q141_R18,Q141_R58,Do you know where i can find STAMP PAD makers in Doha?. you know STAMP PADS like faxed; received; etc..etc.. Please help. Thanks,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2657,Q141_R21,Q141_R31,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
2658,Q141_R21,Q141_R35,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
2659,Q141_R21,Q141_R38,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Irrelevant
2660,Q141_R21,Q141_R48,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2661,Q141_R21,Q141_R52,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2662,Q141_R21,Q141_R55,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2663,Q141_R21,Q141_R58,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2664,Q141_R31,Q141_R35,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
2665,Q141_R31,Q141_R38,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Irrelevant
2666,Q141_R31,Q141_R48,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2667,Q141_R31,Q141_R52,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2668,Q141_R31,Q141_R55,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2669,Q141_R31,Q141_R58,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2670,Q141_R35,Q141_R38,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Irrelevant
2671,Q141_R35,Q141_R48,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2672,Q141_R35,Q141_R52,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2673,Q141_R35,Q141_R55,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2674,Q141_R35,Q141_R58,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2675,Q141_R38,Q141_R48,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Irrelevant
2676,Q141_R38,Q141_R52,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2677,Q141_R38,Q141_R55,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2678,Q141_R38,Q141_R58,Michael?. Hey; anyone around here know Michael; the mega cute Russian guy who used to work at the Sunglass Hut?? *giggle*,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2679,Q141_R48,Q141_R52,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Irrelevant
2680,Q141_R48,Q141_R55,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2681,Q141_R48,Q141_R58,Skype card. Hello every one; Where can i purchase SKYPE card... hows it working; if i got card ; is it possible to make ISD Mobile calls from there?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2682,Q141_R52,Q141_R55,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Irrelevant
2683,Q141_R52,Q141_R58,Are Indians really getting job in Qatar right now?. I am coming to qatar in visit visa coming week to search for a job. I've got no reference as such. Applied in many sites in Qatar; Not even a single positive response. Finally; i am hearing these: 1. Work visa not given for Indians 2. Oil price has come down. Anyone please tell me if these reasons are valid and true? If So; how to actually get a job in Qatar? Your suggestions could help me and anybody who is dying to get a job in Qatar...,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2684,Q141_R55,Q141_R58,Annual Debit Card Fee For Commercial Bank.. Yesterday morning i checked my Commercial Bank Account and a fee of Qr 50/- was deducted from my account as an Annual Debit Card Fee For each debit card. No any other bank is deducting that because of financial crises they are impossing these charges to overcome the loses. What is you opinion of Deducting that amount from Account without any notification?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2685,Q142_R15,Q142_R23,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
2686,Q142_R15,Q142_R30,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Irrelevant
2687,Q142_R15,Q142_R36,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Irrelevant
2688,Q142_R15,Q142_R42,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
2689,Q142_R15,Q142_R44,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
2690,Q142_R15,Q142_R59,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2691,Q142_R15,Q142_R63,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2692,Q142_R15,Q142_R67,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2693,Q142_R23,Q142_R30,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Irrelevant
2694,Q142_R23,Q142_R36,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Irrelevant
2695,Q142_R23,Q142_R42,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
2696,Q142_R23,Q142_R44,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
2697,Q142_R23,Q142_R59,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2698,Q142_R23,Q142_R63,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2699,Q142_R23,Q142_R67,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2700,Q142_R30,Q142_R36,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Irrelevant
2701,Q142_R30,Q142_R42,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
2702,Q142_R30,Q142_R44,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
2703,Q142_R30,Q142_R59,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2704,Q142_R30,Q142_R63,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2705,Q142_R30,Q142_R67,From Dubai to Qatar. I've been offered a job in Qatar. The money seems great. Is the standard of living; cost of living the smae compared to Dubai? What about night life - Can 1 go out and have fun like in Dubai? Is their open beaches and park to chill and relax? What about living arrangements - Can I bring my fiance; whom I'll wed in December 2008 - Can we stay together? Please somebody - Help me decide. Brendan,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2706,Q142_R36,Q142_R42,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
2707,Q142_R36,Q142_R44,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
2708,Q142_R36,Q142_R59,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2709,Q142_R36,Q142_R63,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2710,Q142_R36,Q142_R67,Travel agencies. Hi everybody. Do you know any travel agencies in Qatar?,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2711,Q142_R42,Q142_R44,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Irrelevant
2712,Q142_R42,Q142_R59,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2713,Q142_R42,Q142_R63,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2714,Q142_R42,Q142_R67,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2715,Q142_R44,Q142_R59,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
2716,Q142_R44,Q142_R63,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2717,Q142_R44,Q142_R67,Can an unmarried hetero couple share a hotel room?. In order to use up some mileage I am considering a trip to see more of Doha and Qatar than just the airport. I would also like my girlfriend who is Thai to accompany me. We are not married. Are we allowed to share a hotel room?,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2718,Q142_R59,Q142_R63,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2719,Q142_R59,Q142_R67,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2720,Q142_R63,Q142_R67,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Fire at Ezdan - west bay. just heard about a fire at Ezdan west Bay.. hope everyone is safe ..,Irrelevant
2721,Q143_R1,Q143_R7,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,Irrelevant
2722,Q143_R1,Q143_R13,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,Irrelevant
2723,Q143_R1,Q143_R14,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Irrelevant
2724,Q143_R1,Q143_R15,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Irrelevant
2725,Q143_R1,Q143_R16,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Irrelevant
2726,Q143_R1,Q143_R19,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2727,Q143_R1,Q143_R21,Starbucks Chain in Doha. Do you know who manages the Starbucks Coffee chain in Doha? Hope to get the company name...,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2728,Q143_R7,Q143_R13,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,Irrelevant
2729,Q143_R7,Q143_R14,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Irrelevant
2730,Q143_R7,Q143_R15,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Irrelevant
2731,Q143_R7,Q143_R16,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Irrelevant
2732,Q143_R7,Q143_R19,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2733,Q143_R7,Q143_R21,24 hour cafe with free wifi. Hello folks; Is there a cafe around Doha area where you can stay all night working online through free wifi? It doesn't matter if it is a sheesha place or just a coffee shop. Memories,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2734,Q143_R13,Q143_R14,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Irrelevant
2735,Q143_R13,Q143_R15,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Irrelevant
2736,Q143_R13,Q143_R16,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Irrelevant
2737,Q143_R13,Q143_R19,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2738,Q143_R13,Q143_R21,Morning Coffee !!. How important is ur first cup of steaming coffee to u ??!! Personally i don&#39;t feel like my mornings even begun until i get a nice Hot Cup of Coffee !!! Waking up at 6 am everyday really SU**S BIG Time .....,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2739,Q143_R14,Q143_R15,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Irrelevant
2740,Q143_R14,Q143_R16,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Irrelevant
2741,Q143_R14,Q143_R19,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2742,Q143_R14,Q143_R21,..the best coffee shop here in qatar?. what is the best coffee shop here in qatar?where you can taste the real coffee/espresso with the unique way of services and where you can experience relaxation through out the day.,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2743,Q143_R15,Q143_R16,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Irrelevant
2744,Q143_R15,Q143_R19,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2745,Q143_R15,Q143_R21,The Truth Behind Starbucks. Hi guys.. I just received this via email from a friend of mine and shock about this Truth Behind Starbucks. Do you think this is just a pure hoax or true fact??? Sorry I am not that good to generate a thread for easy and smart way to read; so everyone is welcome to participate with their perspective.,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2746,Q143_R16,Q143_R19,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
2747,Q143_R16,Q143_R21,Nice cupcakes. Is there any place where we can buy yummy cupcakes? Like really nice looking-taste cupcakes? Plz dont tell me Starbucks or Carrefour has them; bec they dont! They seel muffins! (I posted this topic before and people told me that Starbucks and Carrefour sells them),Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2748,Q143_R19,Q143_R21,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Where to buy Espresso Machines & Good Coffee?. I am wanting to purchase a semi professional espresso machine such as La Pavoni; La Cimbali; Elektra. I love my coffee and need to satisfy my coffee requirements with a good machine and good beans. Can anyone suggest stores that may sell the items?...Thanks for any info.,Irrelevant
2749,Q145_R7,Q145_R15,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
2750,Q145_R7,Q145_R17,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Irrelevant
2751,Q145_R7,Q145_R19,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2752,Q145_R7,Q145_R30,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2753,Q145_R7,Q145_R32,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
2754,Q145_R7,Q145_R33,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2755,Q145_R7,Q145_R37,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2756,Q145_R7,Q145_R38,Do we have to Fast on 18th December?. :),"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2757,Q145_R15,Q145_R17,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Irrelevant
2758,Q145_R15,Q145_R19,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2759,Q145_R15,Q145_R30,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2760,Q145_R15,Q145_R32,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
2761,Q145_R15,Q145_R33,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2762,Q145_R15,Q145_R37,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2763,Q145_R15,Q145_R38,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2764,Q145_R17,Q145_R19,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Irrelevant
2765,Q145_R17,Q145_R30,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2766,Q145_R17,Q145_R32,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
2767,Q145_R17,Q145_R33,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2768,Q145_R17,Q145_R37,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2769,Q145_R17,Q145_R38,How do you spend your salary?. Life in Qatar can get expensive at times; especially if you have your family here. We all have different needs and spending money becomes less of an option. This means saving money becomes a plan shelved for later. Do you think the depiction is exaggerated or is it actually accurate? Let us know what you think. How did you spend your April salary?,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2770,Q145_R19,Q145_R30,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2771,Q145_R19,Q145_R32,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
2772,Q145_R19,Q145_R33,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2773,Q145_R19,Q145_R37,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2774,Q145_R19,Q145_R38,Qatar Motorshow not for kids?. They say kids below 12 yrs old are not allowed inside. They are only allowed on the outdoor show. Is this true? Anyone been there already? have you spotted any kids inside? My kid loves car. Thanks!,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2775,Q145_R30,Q145_R32,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
2776,Q145_R30,Q145_R33,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2777,Q145_R30,Q145_R37,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2778,Q145_R30,Q145_R38,Giving birth in qatar. Is there any private clinic in qatar or hospital that i can give birth which cost only 10;000 riyal. Cause my doctor said if i give birth in doha clinic it will cause me around 20;000 to 25;000 riyal. I dont want in hamad hospital. So pls can u suggest other private hospital that will cost me less? Thank you.,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2779,Q145_R32,Q145_R33,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2780,Q145_R32,Q145_R37,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2781,Q145_R32,Q145_R38,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2782,Q145_R33,Q145_R37,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,Irrelevant
2783,Q145_R33,Q145_R38,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2784,Q145_R37,Q145_R38,CLUB FOR QATARI ONLY. IF THEY OPEN QATARI CLUB/ WITH DJ OR LIVE MUSIC AND THATS ONLY FOR QATARI BOYS AND GIRL/ NO ALCOHAL only JUISE soft drin and watar / THEY WILL COME TO CLUB/ JUS A QUESTION?,"Pinched" by Qatari men?. Today at the Souks (sp?) I was "pinched" by several Qatari men (dressed in thwob). Of course; they could have been of different nationality; I am just assuming they were Qatari. Could someone please tell me what this means exactly? At first; I thought they were accidents but after the 6th one it became apparent they weren't. I dress pretty conservatively but still; maybe my appearance had something to do with? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
2785,Q146_R5,Q146_R13,Can the MODs see your IP address?. Can the MODs see your IP address? I know this question is on a lot of people's mind...some people say that the MODs cannot...some people say the Mods can... So what do you think?,Dear MODS. Could you please be so kind and create a forum for all those Pakistani and Indian members of QL where they can post their grievances with each other; each others countries; Cricket; match fixing; winning or losing etc ? I am sure the rest of the QL members; albeit that does not leave too many; would be very relieved! Maybe; just maybe; some new people; of maybe different nationalities would even join QL ! Thank you.,Irrelevant
2786,Q146_R5,Q146_R22,Can the MODs see your IP address?. Can the MODs see your IP address? I know this question is on a lot of people's mind...some people say that the MODs cannot...some people say the Mods can... So what do you think?,Message to Mods - use your common sense. My Forum Topic was posted in Working in Qatar / Opportunities and was a notice about an opportunity for UK (City & Guilds) qualified hair stylists to work in Qatar. What was it about the topic that did not relate to working in Qatar or an opportunity?,Irrelevant
2787,Q146_R5,Q146_R24,Can the MODs see your IP address?. Can the MODs see your IP address? I know this question is on a lot of people's mind...some people say that the MODs cannot...some people say the Mods can... So what do you think?,So.. You do love me ?? I love you too; MODS. Thank you for re-activating my account ... I love you And lesson learned .. :D,Irrelevant
2788,Q146_R5,Q146_R26,Can the MODs see your IP address?. Can the MODs see your IP address? I know this question is on a lot of people's mind...some people say that the MODs cannot...some people say the Mods can... So what do you think?,Shame; shame; shame; shame on the mods. How come the mods don't shut down QL with all this semi-naked ads??,Irrelevant
2789,Q146_R13,Q146_R22,Dear MODS. Could you please be so kind and create a forum for all those Pakistani and Indian members of QL where they can post their grievances with each other; each others countries; Cricket; match fixing; winning or losing etc ? I am sure the rest of the QL members; albeit that does not leave too many; would be very relieved! Maybe; just maybe; some new people; of maybe different nationalities would even join QL ! Thank you.,Message to Mods - use your common sense. My Forum Topic was posted in Working in Qatar / Opportunities and was a notice about an opportunity for UK (City & Guilds) qualified hair stylists to work in Qatar. What was it about the topic that did not relate to working in Qatar or an opportunity?,Irrelevant
2790,Q146_R13,Q146_R24,Dear MODS. Could you please be so kind and create a forum for all those Pakistani and Indian members of QL where they can post their grievances with each other; each others countries; Cricket; match fixing; winning or losing etc ? I am sure the rest of the QL members; albeit that does not leave too many; would be very relieved! Maybe; just maybe; some new people; of maybe different nationalities would even join QL ! Thank you.,So.. You do love me ?? I love you too; MODS. Thank you for re-activating my account ... I love you And lesson learned .. :D,Irrelevant
2791,Q146_R13,Q146_R26,Dear MODS. Could you please be so kind and create a forum for all those Pakistani and Indian members of QL where they can post their grievances with each other; each others countries; Cricket; match fixing; winning or losing etc ? I am sure the rest of the QL members; albeit that does not leave too many; would be very relieved! Maybe; just maybe; some new people; of maybe different nationalities would even join QL ! Thank you.,Shame; shame; shame; shame on the mods. How come the mods don't shut down QL with all this semi-naked ads??,Irrelevant
2792,Q146_R22,Q146_R24,Message to Mods - use your common sense. My Forum Topic was posted in Working in Qatar / Opportunities and was a notice about an opportunity for UK (City & Guilds) qualified hair stylists to work in Qatar. What was it about the topic that did not relate to working in Qatar or an opportunity?,So.. You do love me ?? I love you too; MODS. Thank you for re-activating my account ... I love you And lesson learned .. :D,Irrelevant
2793,Q146_R22,Q146_R26,Message to Mods - use your common sense. My Forum Topic was posted in Working in Qatar / Opportunities and was a notice about an opportunity for UK (City & Guilds) qualified hair stylists to work in Qatar. What was it about the topic that did not relate to working in Qatar or an opportunity?,Shame; shame; shame; shame on the mods. How come the mods don't shut down QL with all this semi-naked ads??,Irrelevant
2794,Q146_R24,Q146_R26,So.. You do love me ?? I love you too; MODS. Thank you for re-activating my account ... I love you And lesson learned .. :D,Shame; shame; shame; shame on the mods. How come the mods don't shut down QL with all this semi-naked ads??,Irrelevant
2795,Q147_R6,Q147_R7,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Irrelevant
2796,Q147_R6,Q147_R22,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Irrelevant
2797,Q147_R6,Q147_R28,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
2798,Q147_R6,Q147_R30,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
2799,Q147_R6,Q147_R32,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Irrelevant
2800,Q147_R6,Q147_R36,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2801,Q147_R7,Q147_R22,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Irrelevant
2802,Q147_R7,Q147_R28,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
2803,Q147_R7,Q147_R30,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
2804,Q147_R7,Q147_R32,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Irrelevant
2805,Q147_R7,Q147_R36,Prometric Exam For Nurses. Can anyone help me in giving some information regarding Qatar Prometric exam for Nurses and what the requirement to sit for the exam?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2806,Q147_R22,Q147_R28,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
2807,Q147_R22,Q147_R30,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
2808,Q147_R22,Q147_R32,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Irrelevant
2809,Q147_R22,Q147_R36,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2810,Q147_R28,Q147_R30,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Irrelevant
2811,Q147_R28,Q147_R32,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Irrelevant
2812,Q147_R28,Q147_R36,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2813,Q147_R30,Q147_R32,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Irrelevant
2814,Q147_R30,Q147_R36,In need of important info please. Hi everyone! I would like to ask if anyone of you knows if it is possible that my fiance from Egypt would like to come here for visit and will go home with me to the Philippines after 2 months to get married can get a visa from here in Doha to Philippines? Suggestions; anyone? Your opinion is highly appreciated.,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2815,Q147_R32,Q147_R36,Reliable recruitment agencies of Doha. Hi all; Can you please name some of reliable recruitment agencies in Doha you have tried and trust. Do you think it is better to hunt for job through these agent?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2816,Q148_R5,Q148_R7,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
2817,Q148_R5,Q148_R8,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Irrelevant
2818,Q148_R5,Q148_R11,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
2819,Q148_R5,Q148_R12,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Irrelevant
2820,Q148_R5,Q148_R19,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
2821,Q148_R5,Q148_R20,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2822,Q148_R5,Q148_R26,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2823,Q148_R5,Q148_R27,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2824,Q148_R5,Q148_R31,how to .... Goodmorning everyone there... m feeling very down today; feeling bore ; out of life ; tired n so on. feel like leaving office n to go out and sit in the cornich the whole day anyone gone to exhibition how is it? byee,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2825,Q148_R7,Q148_R8,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Irrelevant
2826,Q148_R7,Q148_R11,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
2827,Q148_R7,Q148_R12,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Irrelevant
2828,Q148_R7,Q148_R19,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
2829,Q148_R7,Q148_R20,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2830,Q148_R7,Q148_R26,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2831,Q148_R7,Q148_R27,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2832,Q148_R7,Q148_R31,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2833,Q148_R8,Q148_R11,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
2834,Q148_R8,Q148_R12,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Irrelevant
2835,Q148_R8,Q148_R19,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
2836,Q148_R8,Q148_R20,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2837,Q148_R8,Q148_R26,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2838,Q148_R8,Q148_R27,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2839,Q148_R8,Q148_R31,Not Interested!!. Stop sending friendsheep PMs... Are you blind? cant you read my profile.. I am not lookin for friendsheep...and am over 66 I dont have place for any more sheeps in my shed... Last and final warning!! Dont you know the meaning of NOT INTERSTED?? I dont know to say that in your language anwayz.. next time I will copy paste your PM…..beware!!,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2840,Q148_R11,Q148_R12,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Irrelevant
2841,Q148_R11,Q148_R19,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
2842,Q148_R11,Q148_R20,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2843,Q148_R11,Q148_R26,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2844,Q148_R11,Q148_R27,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2845,Q148_R11,Q148_R31,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2846,Q148_R12,Q148_R19,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
2847,Q148_R12,Q148_R20,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2848,Q148_R12,Q148_R26,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2849,Q148_R12,Q148_R27,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2850,Q148_R12,Q148_R31,QP offer negotiation. Hi all; I've finally received the official offer from QP and I think I'm being lowballed. The offer is QR23;000 + 14;200 housing and school and benefits. They put me in grade 16. I don't know anything about these grades. Can anyone enlight me and tell me also how much I can negotiate? I read some mixed discussions about the leeway I have for negotiation. I was expecting QR35;000 basic; realistic?. Thx in advance,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2851,Q148_R19,Q148_R20,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Irrelevant
2852,Q148_R19,Q148_R26,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2853,Q148_R19,Q148_R27,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2854,Q148_R19,Q148_R31,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2855,Q148_R20,Q148_R26,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Irrelevant
2856,Q148_R20,Q148_R27,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2857,Q148_R20,Q148_R31,Prostitution in Qatar - Any Solution?. I know atleast two women who are sleeping with various men for money and I wish I could do something to stop them.Is there any number to call to inform about them?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2858,Q148_R26,Q148_R27,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
2859,Q148_R26,Q148_R31,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2860,Q148_R27,Q148_R31,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2861,Q149_R9,Q149_R19,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Irrelevant
2862,Q149_R9,Q149_R20,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Irrelevant
2863,Q149_R9,Q149_R21,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
2864,Q149_R9,Q149_R22,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Irrelevant
2865,Q149_R9,Q149_R33,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2866,Q149_R9,Q149_R37,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2867,Q149_R9,Q149_R48,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2868,Q149_R9,Q149_R50,i need advice about everything doha. who's turkish;30 years old;single girl.I will start to work qatar airway as a cabin crew.I need some advice.About social life;shopping etc Where is the cheapest hair dresser;how much cost it? What should i bring along with me?Thanks for your help,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2869,Q149_R19,Q149_R20,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Irrelevant
2870,Q149_R19,Q149_R21,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
2871,Q149_R19,Q149_R22,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Irrelevant
2872,Q149_R19,Q149_R33,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2873,Q149_R19,Q149_R37,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2874,Q149_R19,Q149_R48,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2875,Q149_R19,Q149_R50,|||anyone there?????. so who are online on this friday lazy morning? *yawns*rolls and stretch*..:P [img_assist||||nid=12867||||title=Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.||||desc= ||||link=none||||align=left||||width=44||||height=180]|||,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2876,Q149_R20,Q149_R21,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
2877,Q149_R20,Q149_R22,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Irrelevant
2878,Q149_R20,Q149_R33,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2879,Q149_R20,Q149_R37,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2880,Q149_R20,Q149_R48,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2881,Q149_R20,Q149_R50,Can we lose the losers?. Qatari; Could you please delete this idiot RugerRell and stop him from posting. The guy is a fantasist and a moron and is making this site a joke. I am not talking about censorship; just good taste. People like him have nothing to offer anybody and are a waste of space. Thanks ,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2882,Q149_R21,Q149_R22,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Irrelevant
2883,Q149_R21,Q149_R33,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2884,Q149_R21,Q149_R37,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2885,Q149_R21,Q149_R48,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2886,Q149_R21,Q149_R50,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2887,Q149_R22,Q149_R33,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Irrelevant
2888,Q149_R22,Q149_R37,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2889,Q149_R22,Q149_R48,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2890,Q149_R22,Q149_R50,Muttawah-Religious police. Are there Muttawah in Qatar?Â (Department of Vice and Virtue)Â They are all over in Saudi Arabia; I was wondering because he Qataris have the same Whabism as Saudi.,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2891,Q149_R33,Q149_R37,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Irrelevant
2892,Q149_R33,Q149_R48,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2893,Q149_R33,Q149_R50,Intercontinental Hotel. Is there anyone in this forum who works at the Intercontinental Hotel? I'd like to ask some questions. Thanks.,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2894,Q149_R37,Q149_R48,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
2895,Q149_R37,Q149_R50,VODAFONE or QTEL???. select.. which phone connection is best...?? VODAFONE... or Qtel??? Why??,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2896,Q149_R48,Q149_R50,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,FIRST DAY IN QATAR. Please share your experiances; How was your first day in Qatar? Did you join the same day ? WHat happened etc etc. I will be there from 17th of this month.,Irrelevant
2897,Q150_R3,Q150_R4,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Irrelevant
2898,Q150_R3,Q150_R5,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
2899,Q150_R3,Q150_R9,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Irrelevant
2900,Q150_R3,Q150_R14,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
2901,Q150_R3,Q150_R17,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
2902,Q150_R3,Q150_R19,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2903,Q150_R3,Q150_R23,Couple; but not married !. I will moving to Doha next week and my partner will be joining me to live there in about a month. Are westerners allowed to live together if they are not married? Are there any rules on dress/behaviour protocol in public. I obviously do not wish to offend any locals. any advice please,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2904,Q150_R4,Q150_R5,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
2905,Q150_R4,Q150_R9,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Irrelevant
2906,Q150_R4,Q150_R14,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
2907,Q150_R4,Q150_R17,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
2908,Q150_R4,Q150_R19,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2909,Q150_R4,Q150_R23,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2910,Q150_R5,Q150_R9,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Irrelevant
2911,Q150_R5,Q150_R14,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
2912,Q150_R5,Q150_R17,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
2913,Q150_R5,Q150_R19,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2914,Q150_R5,Q150_R23,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2915,Q150_R9,Q150_R14,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
2916,Q150_R9,Q150_R17,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
2917,Q150_R9,Q150_R19,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2918,Q150_R9,Q150_R23,Sealine question. Hello all; A few weeks ago I had a friend visiting from abroad so I booked a room in Sealine for one night; but due to bad weather we couldn't go. So now I am stuck with the room. I was thinking of taking my girlfriend for the weekend but they have this "marriage certificate" rule. My question is; is this rule really implemented? Could We go and I check in by myself then meet up with her and spend a fun day at the beach. Thank you for your help.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2919,Q150_R14,Q150_R17,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
2920,Q150_R14,Q150_R19,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2921,Q150_R14,Q150_R23,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2922,Q150_R17,Q150_R19,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Irrelevant
2923,Q150_R17,Q150_R23,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2924,Q150_R19,Q150_R23,Pregnant and Not Married in Qatar. I'm from the US; and working in Qatar under my own sponsership. I found out when I was back in the US for the holidays that I'm pregnant. I need to find an OBGYN here in Doha; as I will be here for a while yet. Does anyone know if the hospital will give me problems or refuse to see me because I'm not married? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
2925,Q151_R15,Q151_R26,Traffic Radars fines. Is there anyway we could get a discount with the speeding ticket; if we pay it through the Traffic Police Offices directly?,Traffic fine for crossing red light. I had encountered a traffic fine of qr 6000 for crossing red signal recently by error. Is there any possibility of getting this fine relaxed to some extent since its a huge amount.. Is there any possibility if i go to the traffic department and request to the captain?,Irrelevant
2926,Q151_R15,Q151_R32,Traffic Radars fines. Is there anyway we could get a discount with the speeding ticket; if we pay it through the Traffic Police Offices directly?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
2927,Q151_R15,Q151_R45,Traffic Radars fines. Is there anyway we could get a discount with the speeding ticket; if we pay it through the Traffic Police Offices directly?,Traffic fine. I've got a fine of Qr.500/-from traffic police and on MOI web site description of the violation says;"LOADING A VEHICLE IN A WAY THAT CAUSES DANGER TO PEOPLE AND PROPERTIES " I have no clue where I went wrong. Is there any way I could know exactly what I did wrong to avoid it happening again?,Irrelevant
2928,Q151_R26,Q151_R32,Traffic fine for crossing red light. I had encountered a traffic fine of qr 6000 for crossing red signal recently by error. Is there any possibility of getting this fine relaxed to some extent since its a huge amount.. Is there any possibility if i go to the traffic department and request to the captain?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
2929,Q151_R26,Q151_R45,Traffic fine for crossing red light. I had encountered a traffic fine of qr 6000 for crossing red signal recently by error. Is there any possibility of getting this fine relaxed to some extent since its a huge amount.. Is there any possibility if i go to the traffic department and request to the captain?,Traffic fine. I've got a fine of Qr.500/-from traffic police and on MOI web site description of the violation says;"LOADING A VEHICLE IN A WAY THAT CAUSES DANGER TO PEOPLE AND PROPERTIES " I have no clue where I went wrong. Is there any way I could know exactly what I did wrong to avoid it happening again?,Irrelevant
2930,Q151_R32,Q151_R45,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Traffic fine. I've got a fine of Qr.500/-from traffic police and on MOI web site description of the violation says;"LOADING A VEHICLE IN A WAY THAT CAUSES DANGER TO PEOPLE AND PROPERTIES " I have no clue where I went wrong. Is there any way I could know exactly what I did wrong to avoid it happening again?,Irrelevant
2931,Q152_R14,Q152_R35,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,Irrelevant
2932,Q152_R14,Q152_R39,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Irrelevant
2933,Q152_R14,Q152_R50,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
2934,Q152_R14,Q152_R60,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Irrelevant
2935,Q152_R14,Q152_R61,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Irrelevant
2936,Q152_R14,Q152_R62,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2937,Q152_R14,Q152_R66,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2938,Q152_R14,Q152_R67,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2939,Q152_R14,Q152_R70,Exit permit. How long is the process of exit permit. Its been 3 weeks I have been waiting for the release of my exit but our mandoub said they have problem in our company license. They need to process first the license of the company which I am under of that company. Then after processing of license that would be the time that he can process my exit. Is this the right procedure or is there any other way to process my exit. Where should I seek help for this matters?,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2940,Q152_R35,Q152_R39,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Irrelevant
2941,Q152_R35,Q152_R50,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
2942,Q152_R35,Q152_R60,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Irrelevant
2943,Q152_R35,Q152_R61,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Irrelevant
2944,Q152_R35,Q152_R62,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2945,Q152_R35,Q152_R66,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2946,Q152_R35,Q152_R67,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2947,Q152_R35,Q152_R70,Nurse Trainee in Qatar. Hi. I need help. I am applying for a nurse license in SCH and everything was okay. until I received my evaluation result which is rejected and the comment is 4 mos training. I want to get that training so that I can apply for re-evaluation and hoping I can get a license after that. Do I need to have certification in SCH that I am in training for 4 mos? Can my employer provide that training for me? what should I do? thanks for the help!,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2948,Q152_R39,Q152_R50,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
2949,Q152_R39,Q152_R60,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Irrelevant
2950,Q152_R39,Q152_R61,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Irrelevant
2951,Q152_R39,Q152_R62,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2952,Q152_R39,Q152_R66,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2953,Q152_R39,Q152_R67,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2954,Q152_R39,Q152_R70,I have a Dubai driving license. Can i drive a car that is registered under any other company name.. I am planning to stay here for a while on visit visa. can i drive a car that is registered under one of my friend's company name. what about the insurance issues then?,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2955,Q152_R50,Q152_R60,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Irrelevant
2956,Q152_R50,Q152_R61,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Irrelevant
2957,Q152_R50,Q152_R62,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2958,Q152_R50,Q152_R66,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2959,Q152_R50,Q152_R67,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2960,Q152_R50,Q152_R70,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2961,Q152_R60,Q152_R61,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Irrelevant
2962,Q152_R60,Q152_R62,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2963,Q152_R60,Q152_R66,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2964,Q152_R60,Q152_R67,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2965,Q152_R60,Q152_R70,Can one own a car without driving licence?. ,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2966,Q152_R61,Q152_R62,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Irrelevant
2967,Q152_R61,Q152_R66,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2968,Q152_R61,Q152_R67,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2969,Q152_R61,Q152_R70,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2970,Q152_R62,Q152_R66,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Irrelevant
2971,Q152_R62,Q152_R67,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2972,Q152_R62,Q152_R70,How to get license for liquor?. Can anyone tell me what are the necessary requirements or papers needed to get a license for liquor?,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2973,Q152_R66,Q152_R67,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Irrelevant
2974,Q152_R66,Q152_R70,QATAR ID PROFESSION. hello guys good day...i want to ask about the profession in the qatar id. iam ready to go home anytime to my country to channge my visa into husband sponsor but they tell us we will have a problem with this case. the profession of husband in qatar id is waiter but he is safety coordinator in ras laffan his salary is more than 7000qr.do we have to change this before i go home? thank you very much!,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2975,Q152_R67,Q152_R70,Evaluation- Supreme Council of Health. I have my papers under process for evaluation at SCH; and the result was as follows: evaluation pending; sit for exam; I have scheduled my exam on the 31st of may here in the Philippines; BUT I only have 2 yrs experience; If I pass the prometric exam; is there a chance for me to pass the evaluation asl well? Thank you.,Is Marital status for liquor license necessary. Its only a month since i've arrived in Doha on employment. I would like to know the formalties for liquor license.I am a bachelor earning more than QR10000.00PM & also am HIndu by religion.Are liquor license only issued to family ppl. Also i would like to know the format for the NOC for liquor license. Do we need an NOC from our house owner since the villa is not in my name; will it b a problem??. CAn anybody pls help.,Irrelevant
2976,Q153_R3,Q153_R7,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
2977,Q153_R3,Q153_R12,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,Irrelevant
2978,Q153_R3,Q153_R25,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,Irrelevant
2979,Q153_R3,Q153_R29,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2980,Q153_R3,Q153_R31,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2981,Q153_R3,Q153_R36,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
2982,Q153_R3,Q153_R46,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
2983,Q153_R3,Q153_R52,The best Pub??. Which pub is the best to hang out with friends?? Am back from dubai; and i hope all clubs and pubs are open after eid. I have heard of a water park whixh was inaugurated in doha on eid; if anyone have visted that place; please appraise me on this park; whether its worth spending a day there or not?? I hope all of you had a great time on eid.,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
2984,Q153_R7,Q153_R12,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,Irrelevant
2985,Q153_R7,Q153_R25,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,Irrelevant
2986,Q153_R7,Q153_R29,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2987,Q153_R7,Q153_R31,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2988,Q153_R7,Q153_R36,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
2989,Q153_R7,Q153_R46,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
2990,Q153_R7,Q153_R52,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
2991,Q153_R12,Q153_R25,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,Irrelevant
2992,Q153_R12,Q153_R29,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2993,Q153_R12,Q153_R31,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2994,Q153_R12,Q153_R36,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
2995,Q153_R12,Q153_R46,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
2996,Q153_R12,Q153_R52,Good place for a (legal) drink. I'm fairly new to Qatar. For those who (legally) enjoy an alcoholic beverage; what is your favorite place besides your own home? The couple bars I've tried are too pretentious and sterile to call a home away from home. I'd appreciate some suggestions.,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
2997,Q153_R25,Q153_R29,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,Irrelevant
2998,Q153_R25,Q153_R31,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
2999,Q153_R25,Q153_R36,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
3000,Q153_R25,Q153_R46,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
3001,Q153_R25,Q153_R52,CloudNyn. Last wednesday I was walking along Al-Saad street; entered Cloud Nyn at Mewrab Hotel for the first time; but they didnot allow this single gentle man in. ONLY COUPLES ENTRY. Are there  more  bars in Doha which allow only Couples and ladies?,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3002,Q153_R29,Q153_R31,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
3003,Q153_R29,Q153_R36,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
3004,Q153_R29,Q153_R46,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
3005,Q153_R29,Q153_R52,Where do the young people live in Doha?. Hi everyone! I'm from London and considering taking a job in Doha and want to ensure that I find accommodation in an area where I will find other young; single people (i'm a 28 year old woman). Where in Doha would be the equivalent of Old Street in London; or Williamsburg in New York? Where do the young artists; musicians; fashion designers live? I'd really like to find an area that has a creative community. All advice much appreciated!,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3006,Q153_R31,Q153_R36,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,Irrelevant
3007,Q153_R31,Q153_R46,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
3008,Q153_R31,Q153_R52,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3009,Q153_R36,Q153_R46,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,Irrelevant
3010,Q153_R36,Q153_R52,lifestyle. i have been offered jobs; both in Dubai and in doha.. i will be visiting in sept to look at both places and form an opinion for myself I get the impression the lifestyle is better in qatar; less traffic;easier to move around etc... accomadation is cheaper in dubai? can you give me your pro's and cons on both places. appreciated jr,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3011,Q153_R46,Q153_R52,ITS OPEN "THE PHILIPPINE STORE"!!. Have you guys visited "THE PHILIPPINE STORE" in AL SADD? whats your opinion?,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3012,Q154_R20,Q154_R46,Does your company block social media sites?. Many companies believe that giving access to social networking sites impacts productivity of an employee. This has led to many companies blocking access to the social networks. Some employees believe that accessing social networking sites is like taking a coffee break. Does your company in Qatar block access to Social Networking Sites? Take the Poll here:- http://tfour.me/2012/07/poll-does-your-company-block-access-to-social-networking-sites/,Hi;Does QTel Block Skype or can I chat on Skype when I move to Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
3013,Q155_R20,Q155_R31,Tattoos - Contact Details please. Hi;can someone help me with contact deyails of people who do tattoos here in Doha? I have been looking for someone who can do a couple of tattoos which I have designed.Once I heard from someone that there are a couple of German girls who come here for a week or so and are tattoo experts.Couldn't find there numbers though.,Infected Piercing?!? Help!!!. I think one of my old piercings is infected. I mean..I'm pretty sure it is; and the jewelry's not in anymore which is BAD. Does anyone know of any products sold in stores here that I could use? Or if there are good skin doctors/dermatologists? I was looking for non-iodized sea salts to do a soak to draw out the infection but I don't know where to find any!!!!,Irrelevant
3014,Q156_R11,Q156_R13,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
3015,Q156_R11,Q156_R16,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
3016,Q156_R11,Q156_R18,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3017,Q156_R11,Q156_R22,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
3018,Q156_R11,Q156_R23,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Irrelevant
3019,Q156_R11,Q156_R26,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3020,Q156_R11,Q156_R35,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3021,Q156_R11,Q156_R40,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3022,Q156_R11,Q156_R46,Qatar Life?. Is Qatar really sucking up the salary you get from work? Are house rents doing this? What's better; Qatar or America? You decide and discuss!,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3023,Q156_R13,Q156_R16,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
3024,Q156_R13,Q156_R18,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3025,Q156_R13,Q156_R22,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
3026,Q156_R13,Q156_R23,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Irrelevant
3027,Q156_R13,Q156_R26,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3028,Q156_R13,Q156_R35,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3029,Q156_R13,Q156_R40,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3030,Q156_R13,Q156_R46,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3031,Q156_R16,Q156_R18,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3032,Q156_R16,Q156_R22,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
3033,Q156_R16,Q156_R23,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Irrelevant
3034,Q156_R16,Q156_R26,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3035,Q156_R16,Q156_R35,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3036,Q156_R16,Q156_R40,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3037,Q156_R16,Q156_R46,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3038,Q156_R18,Q156_R22,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Irrelevant
3039,Q156_R18,Q156_R23,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Irrelevant
3040,Q156_R18,Q156_R26,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3041,Q156_R18,Q156_R35,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3042,Q156_R18,Q156_R40,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3043,Q156_R18,Q156_R46,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3044,Q156_R22,Q156_R23,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Irrelevant
3045,Q156_R22,Q156_R26,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3046,Q156_R22,Q156_R35,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3047,Q156_R22,Q156_R40,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3048,Q156_R22,Q156_R46,If an unmarried couple were caught kissing in public??. What would happen and what would the authorities do about it?? and in your own opinion; what do you think of this issue.. Ps: ( No i am not doing it; im just happening to ask; it just occured to me),wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3049,Q156_R23,Q156_R26,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3050,Q156_R23,Q156_R35,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3051,Q156_R23,Q156_R40,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3052,Q156_R23,Q156_R46,Musical instruments. Does anyone know where I can buy an electric bass? I left my main gear back home! Brands I'm interested in are Fender; Epiphone; Gibson; Hofner; and Rickenbacker.,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3053,Q156_R26,Q156_R35,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3054,Q156_R26,Q156_R40,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3055,Q156_R26,Q156_R46,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3056,Q156_R35,Q156_R40,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,Irrelevant
3057,Q156_R35,Q156_R46,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3058,Q156_R40,Q156_R46,What does "Western Style" mean exactly?. While looking at everything from houseing to furnishings; and even to food I see the term "Western Style" often used in description. I take it to be synonymous with modern; updated; new and improved; better; regular or normal. I'm I right?,wall/rock climbing. hello guys! anybody here interested in wall/rock climbing? i am a mountaineering enthusiast from phils. since no mountains here i was thinking wall/rock climbing is a better subtitute and at the same time preparation for my upcoming climbs on my vacation. i found 1 wall climbing in city center but it's too expensive.  ,Irrelevant
3059,Q157_R20,Q157_R41,Do you need Antivirus or any registered softwares for Half the price???. If you need any antivirus; multimedia; video or photo editing; PC Games; mobile softwares etc. Will get you in half the price.. All are registered versions.. Regards Mathew,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3060,Q157_R20,Q157_R46,Do you need Antivirus or any registered softwares for Half the price???. If you need any antivirus; multimedia; video or photo editing; PC Games; mobile softwares etc. Will get you in half the price.. All are registered versions.. Regards Mathew,Tryin too hard to pick up girls at the club??. here's something that will help u; learn the professional way... Key to the VIP http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HC7KnirKAY&feature=related if not; then just watch it to laugh at them; like I do.,Irrelevant
3061,Q157_R41,Q157_R46,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Tryin too hard to pick up girls at the club??. here's something that will help u; learn the professional way... Key to the VIP http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HC7KnirKAY&feature=related if not; then just watch it to laugh at them; like I do.,Irrelevant
3062,Q158_R5,Q158_R32,preganancy related skin problems. Hi.. I really need some help. Can anyone please suggest me some remedy for pregnancy related dry skin and skin discolouration. My sin is very sensitive and dry...now in pregnancy...its even more....especially my facial skin. This was same for my first pregnancy..but i didnt have a natural remedy. Can anyone suggest a remedy safe for my baby? Thank you very much sajna,Johnsons' baby products - Harm or safe?. recently many opinions hv come up saying tht johnsons baby products are harmful for the skin of new born babies. i dont know how far this is true. Does anyone know anything about this?. we have been using it from long back. so far no problems. Now tht i am gonna get a baby soon; need to know whether its safe to use; if not then which baby products are safer.,Irrelevant
3063,Q158_R5,Q158_R47,preganancy related skin problems. Hi.. I really need some help. Can anyone please suggest me some remedy for pregnancy related dry skin and skin discolouration. My sin is very sensitive and dry...now in pregnancy...its even more....especially my facial skin. This was same for my first pregnancy..but i didnt have a natural remedy. Can anyone suggest a remedy safe for my baby? Thank you very much sajna,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3064,Q158_R5,Q158_R60,preganancy related skin problems. Hi.. I really need some help. Can anyone please suggest me some remedy for pregnancy related dry skin and skin discolouration. My sin is very sensitive and dry...now in pregnancy...its even more....especially my facial skin. This was same for my first pregnancy..but i didnt have a natural remedy. Can anyone suggest a remedy safe for my baby? Thank you very much sajna,what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?. what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?,Irrelevant
3065,Q158_R5,Q158_R74,preganancy related skin problems. Hi.. I really need some help. Can anyone please suggest me some remedy for pregnancy related dry skin and skin discolouration. My sin is very sensitive and dry...now in pregnancy...its even more....especially my facial skin. This was same for my first pregnancy..but i didnt have a natural remedy. Can anyone suggest a remedy safe for my baby? Thank you very much sajna,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
3066,Q158_R32,Q158_R47,Johnsons' baby products - Harm or safe?. recently many opinions hv come up saying tht johnsons baby products are harmful for the skin of new born babies. i dont know how far this is true. Does anyone know anything about this?. we have been using it from long back. so far no problems. Now tht i am gonna get a baby soon; need to know whether its safe to use; if not then which baby products are safer.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3067,Q158_R32,Q158_R60,Johnsons' baby products - Harm or safe?. recently many opinions hv come up saying tht johnsons baby products are harmful for the skin of new born babies. i dont know how far this is true. Does anyone know anything about this?. we have been using it from long back. so far no problems. Now tht i am gonna get a baby soon; need to know whether its safe to use; if not then which baby products are safer.,what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?. what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?,Irrelevant
3068,Q158_R32,Q158_R74,Johnsons' baby products - Harm or safe?. recently many opinions hv come up saying tht johnsons baby products are harmful for the skin of new born babies. i dont know how far this is true. Does anyone know anything about this?. we have been using it from long back. so far no problems. Now tht i am gonna get a baby soon; need to know whether its safe to use; if not then which baby products are safer.,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
3069,Q158_R47,Q158_R60,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?. what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?,Irrelevant
3070,Q158_R47,Q158_R74,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
3071,Q158_R60,Q158_R74,what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?. what are the problems will occur if a fare boy married a dark girl?,is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective?. is minoxidil hair loss treatment effective for men??? if so.then what is the most effective treatment for hair loss??,Irrelevant
3072,Q159_R4,Q159_R6,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
3073,Q159_R4,Q159_R10,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Irrelevant
3074,Q159_R4,Q159_R14,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Irrelevant
3075,Q159_R4,Q159_R19,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Irrelevant
3076,Q159_R4,Q159_R34,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
3077,Q159_R4,Q159_R35,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3078,Q159_R4,Q159_R41,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3079,Q159_R4,Q159_R45,Wages. Hello everyone; I am planing to move to Doha in march from the uk and wondering if 18000 is a good wage for a single guy. Also how much does things cost; I.e mobile phone; 1 bed apartment; car rental and other cost of living? Any information will be much appreciated. Thank you,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3080,Q159_R6,Q159_R10,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Irrelevant
3081,Q159_R6,Q159_R14,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Irrelevant
3082,Q159_R6,Q159_R19,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Irrelevant
3083,Q159_R6,Q159_R34,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
3084,Q159_R6,Q159_R35,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3085,Q159_R6,Q159_R41,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3086,Q159_R6,Q159_R45,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3087,Q159_R10,Q159_R14,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Irrelevant
3088,Q159_R10,Q159_R19,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Irrelevant
3089,Q159_R10,Q159_R34,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
3090,Q159_R10,Q159_R35,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3091,Q159_R10,Q159_R41,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3092,Q159_R10,Q159_R45,what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be?. if i want to save USD 50000 after meeting all standard expenses of a upper middle class family of 3 (me; my wife and 3 yr old son) over a 4 year period; what should my net annual salary in qatar currency be? My current CTC in India is INR 1600000.,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3093,Q159_R14,Q159_R19,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Irrelevant
3094,Q159_R14,Q159_R34,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
3095,Q159_R14,Q159_R35,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3096,Q159_R14,Q159_R41,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3097,Q159_R14,Q159_R45,is this offer is good or bad ?. is this offer is ggod or bad ? hi there good day is this offer is good enougph or what ? basic 5000 housing 3000 transportaiton 1000 ticket allowance 1000 market adjusment 3500 ------------------------- furniture allowance 25000 for a bank corporate officer with wife and daughter in qatar egyption 3 years exp please help,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3098,Q159_R19,Q159_R34,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
3099,Q159_R19,Q159_R35,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3100,Q159_R19,Q159_R41,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3101,Q159_R19,Q159_R45,Mowasalat Taxi's. Am I the only one who seems to experience a problem with taxis that don't slow down to pick you up; when quite obviously you are waiting for their service? It has happened to me a number of times where about 2 or 3 taxis bypass me; even after I have waved them down. It makes no sense. Why on earth would they just keep driving? Surely they are contractually bound to pick up fares if they are on duty? Is anyone else finding the same thing X,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3102,Q159_R34,Q159_R35,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3103,Q159_R34,Q159_R41,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3104,Q159_R34,Q159_R45,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3105,Q159_R35,Q159_R41,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,Irrelevant
3106,Q159_R35,Q159_R45,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3107,Q159_R41,Q159_R45,Salary Package. If I were to make 40;000 QR a month; (total Compensation); and want to send two kids to the American School (roughly 90;000 QR per year); and rent a villa in a compound for 12000 QR per month; plus other expenses etc such as landline; internet access; groceries etc. Will that suffice for a family of four? Any thoughts would be much appreciated.,XBOX 360. I'm looking for XBOX 360. Anyone knows where I can find it in Doha? I could not find it Hyatt Plaza; does anyone know of some other place that sells it? ...and how much it costs?,Irrelevant
3108,Q160_R5,Q160_R15,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Irrelevant
3109,Q160_R5,Q160_R17,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Irrelevant
3110,Q160_R5,Q160_R27,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3111,Q160_R5,Q160_R28,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
3112,Q160_R5,Q160_R29,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3113,Q160_R5,Q160_R33,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3114,Q160_R5,Q160_R53,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3115,Q160_R5,Q160_R55,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3116,Q160_R15,Q160_R17,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Irrelevant
3117,Q160_R15,Q160_R27,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3118,Q160_R15,Q160_R28,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
3119,Q160_R15,Q160_R29,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3120,Q160_R15,Q160_R33,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3121,Q160_R15,Q160_R53,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3122,Q160_R15,Q160_R55,What's Al Waab City. Tall; skinny buildings with no windows???,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3123,Q160_R17,Q160_R27,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3124,Q160_R17,Q160_R28,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
3125,Q160_R17,Q160_R29,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3126,Q160_R17,Q160_R33,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3127,Q160_R17,Q160_R53,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3128,Q160_R17,Q160_R55,Maximum age of employment. Can a person older than 60 be hired new to work in Qatar? even as a consultant.,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3129,Q160_R27,Q160_R28,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
3130,Q160_R27,Q160_R29,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3131,Q160_R27,Q160_R33,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3132,Q160_R27,Q160_R53,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3133,Q160_R27,Q160_R55,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3134,Q160_R28,Q160_R29,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3135,Q160_R28,Q160_R33,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3136,Q160_R28,Q160_R53,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3137,Q160_R28,Q160_R55,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3138,Q160_R29,Q160_R33,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Irrelevant
3139,Q160_R29,Q160_R53,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3140,Q160_R29,Q160_R55,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3141,Q160_R33,Q160_R53,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3142,Q160_R33,Q160_R55,Windsurfing. Is there anyone on this site that is into windsurfing..? How are the conditions in Qatar and where do you buy your equipment?,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3143,Q160_R53,Q160_R55,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
3144,Q161_R4,Q161_R16,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Irrelevant
3145,Q161_R4,Q161_R54,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
3146,Q161_R4,Q161_R59,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),How to get tourist visa to Singapore in Doha?. Is there any way to get tourist visa to Singapore right here in Doha? As long as I know there is no SNG embassy in Qatar. I am planning to visit SNG in July-August on my own; I mean not with any travel company. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
3147,Q161_R4,Q161_R71,VISIT VISA - NEED SHOW MONEY IN THE AIRPORT??. Hi everyone; i asked my friend to process a visit visa for me (am currently in Dubai) and i was shocked when she told me that i need to prepare atleast 3-5 thousand dirhams as a show money as per the travel agency there in Qatar. Please help me reconfirm if this is true? As i am leaving Dubai very soon and so bad that i don't have that enough cash to show in the airport. Thanks so much for all you replies. God bless us all :),Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3148,Q161_R16,Q161_R54,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Irrelevant
3149,Q161_R16,Q161_R59,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,How to get tourist visa to Singapore in Doha?. Is there any way to get tourist visa to Singapore right here in Doha? As long as I know there is no SNG embassy in Qatar. I am planning to visit SNG in July-August on my own; I mean not with any travel company. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
3150,Q161_R16,Q161_R71,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3151,Q161_R54,Q161_R59,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,How to get tourist visa to Singapore in Doha?. Is there any way to get tourist visa to Singapore right here in Doha? As long as I know there is no SNG embassy in Qatar. I am planning to visit SNG in July-August on my own; I mean not with any travel company. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
3152,Q161_R54,Q161_R71,Visit Visa Stamping (Philippines). Any of u or loved ones have recent experiences having their visit visa stamped at Qatar Embassy in the Philippines? What did u have to go through?,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3153,Q161_R59,Q161_R71,How to get tourist visa to Singapore in Doha?. Is there any way to get tourist visa to Singapore right here in Doha? As long as I know there is no SNG embassy in Qatar. I am planning to visit SNG in July-August on my own; I mean not with any travel company. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!!,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3154,Q162_R13,Q162_R25,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Irrelevant
3155,Q162_R13,Q162_R30,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,Irrelevant
3156,Q162_R13,Q162_R39,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,Irrelevant
3157,Q162_R13,Q162_R40,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
3158,Q162_R13,Q162_R41,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,Irrelevant
3159,Q162_R13,Q162_R47,do you think u can live without man or women?. do you think u can live without man or women in our life,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3160,Q162_R25,Q162_R30,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,Irrelevant
3161,Q162_R25,Q162_R39,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,Irrelevant
3162,Q162_R25,Q162_R40,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
3163,Q162_R25,Q162_R41,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,Irrelevant
3164,Q162_R25,Q162_R47,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3165,Q162_R30,Q162_R39,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,Irrelevant
3166,Q162_R30,Q162_R40,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
3167,Q162_R30,Q162_R41,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,Irrelevant
3168,Q162_R30,Q162_R47,Single female driving to Dubai?. How feasible is it to drive to Abu Dhabi or Dubai from Doha/ Dukhan? Is it true that women aren't permitted to drive in Saudi? How long would the journey be (roughly)?,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3169,Q162_R39,Q162_R40,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
3170,Q162_R39,Q162_R41,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,Irrelevant
3171,Q162_R39,Q162_R47,Can we unify different people?. The ability to make people on one level and understanding each other is something which needs a real leader ship; the words you say are counted either positively or negatively; one word can convince 100 person or let 100 person go away. In my opinion No one has succeeded as our prophet Muhammed did; and here I attach a power point presentation in English on our prophet Muhammed wives; I hope you will like it.,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3172,Q162_R40,Q162_R41,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,Irrelevant
3173,Q162_R40,Q162_R47,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3174,Q162_R41,Q162_R47,A question for all the men on QL..... Web definition of feminist - A person who supports the equality of women with men How comfortable are you;as a man;to have a 'feminist' (in it's purest sense) in your life...as a wife/mother/sister/daughter? Would you discourage her? Why or why not? Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism,do i need??. do i need to let go or hold on??? i do have constant date with someone special for a year;; but no commitment attached;; just we enjoy our company together.. we are exclusive to each other;; but no "I LOVE YOU" we are just happy with each other.. time pass by so fast everytime we are together.. but just few days ago i do realise i do love him... when i told him what i feel he told me... we should not love each other.. having a good feeling is enough... do i need to let go???,Irrelevant
3175,Q163_R10,Q163_R17,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Irrelevant
3176,Q163_R10,Q163_R22,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
3177,Q163_R10,Q163_R24,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3178,Q163_R10,Q163_R30,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Irrelevant
3179,Q163_R10,Q163_R36,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
3180,Q163_R10,Q163_R42,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3181,Q163_R10,Q163_R52,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3182,Q163_R10,Q163_R54,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3183,Q163_R10,Q163_R57,New Pakistani Restaurant - Zaoq. Anybody been to newly opened Pakistani Restaurant Zaoq? Can you provide feedback like quality of food and cost for the benefit of other QL members. Thanks,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3184,Q163_R17,Q163_R22,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Irrelevant
3185,Q163_R17,Q163_R24,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3186,Q163_R17,Q163_R30,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Irrelevant
3187,Q163_R17,Q163_R36,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
3188,Q163_R17,Q163_R42,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3189,Q163_R17,Q163_R52,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3190,Q163_R17,Q163_R54,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3191,Q163_R17,Q163_R57,Pakistani restaurants?. Hi; Are there any decent Pakistani restaurants in Doha? I'm looking for something of a mid-ranged price. I'd also be willing to consider Indian restaurants that serve northern Indian cuisine. Also; is there a place that serves NY-style pizza here? Probably not; since I could only find cheap immitations in Washington; DC. I guess I'll have to do with Pizza Hut:-( Thanks!,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3192,Q163_R22,Q163_R24,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3193,Q163_R22,Q163_R30,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Irrelevant
3194,Q163_R22,Q163_R36,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
3195,Q163_R22,Q163_R42,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3196,Q163_R22,Q163_R52,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3197,Q163_R22,Q163_R54,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3198,Q163_R22,Q163_R57,Anybody know where we get the best Hyderabadi Biryani in Doha?. ,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3199,Q163_R24,Q163_R30,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Irrelevant
3200,Q163_R24,Q163_R36,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
3201,Q163_R24,Q163_R42,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3202,Q163_R24,Q163_R52,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3203,Q163_R24,Q163_R54,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3204,Q163_R24,Q163_R57,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3205,Q163_R30,Q163_R36,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
3206,Q163_R30,Q163_R42,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3207,Q163_R30,Q163_R52,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3208,Q163_R30,Q163_R54,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3209,Q163_R30,Q163_R57,Asiana Restaurant. How is Asiana for bday parties?iam planning to celebrate my daughter's bday there... please give ur opinions.I like their food ;nowabt services and others...,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3210,Q163_R36,Q163_R42,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Irrelevant
3211,Q163_R36,Q163_R52,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3212,Q163_R36,Q163_R54,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3213,Q163_R36,Q163_R57,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3214,Q163_R42,Q163_R52,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Irrelevant
3215,Q163_R42,Q163_R54,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3216,Q163_R42,Q163_R57,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3217,Q163_R52,Q163_R54,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Irrelevant
3218,Q163_R52,Q163_R57,best restaurant in qatar?. i was wondering where you guys like to eat. i know its a very stupid topic but i hope you guys would kindly consider sharing. oh; how i love this turkish restaurant in the al nasser area. and i also like the grill at four seasons. the best! most especially the steaks. but the downside is that its too expensive for me. haha! i've heard the buffet at the diplomatic is good. is it? whatever.. hehe.. :D,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3219,Q163_R54,Q163_R57,where's the most romantic places in Doha for having candle light dinner??. I plan to invite my girlfriend to have a nice and romantic candle light dinner; can anybody suggest me where to go in Doha?,Turkish Restaurant. Is there any turkish food outlets in Doha ? please provide address and location with some landmark as I am new and want to go for it.,Irrelevant
3220,Q164_R5,Q164_R7,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Irrelevant
3221,Q164_R5,Q164_R14,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Irrelevant
3222,Q164_R5,Q164_R19,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3223,Q164_R5,Q164_R24,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
3224,Q164_R5,Q164_R29,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
3225,Q164_R5,Q164_R30,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3226,Q164_R5,Q164_R37,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3227,Q164_R5,Q164_R41,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3228,Q164_R5,Q164_R46,Is it gonna rain today?. I wish it rains....,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3229,Q164_R7,Q164_R14,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Irrelevant
3230,Q164_R7,Q164_R19,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3231,Q164_R7,Q164_R24,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
3232,Q164_R7,Q164_R29,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
3233,Q164_R7,Q164_R30,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3234,Q164_R7,Q164_R37,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3235,Q164_R7,Q164_R41,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3236,Q164_R7,Q164_R46,which car is better Honda Accord 2008 or Altima 2008. all full option?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3237,Q164_R14,Q164_R19,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3238,Q164_R14,Q164_R24,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
3239,Q164_R14,Q164_R29,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
3240,Q164_R14,Q164_R30,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3241,Q164_R14,Q164_R37,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3242,Q164_R14,Q164_R41,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3243,Q164_R14,Q164_R46,Miss Teen USA 2007 - Question Revisited. Recent polls have shown one-fifth of Americans can't locate US on a world map. Why do you think this is?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3244,Q164_R19,Q164_R24,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
3245,Q164_R19,Q164_R29,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
3246,Q164_R19,Q164_R30,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3247,Q164_R19,Q164_R37,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3248,Q164_R19,Q164_R41,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3249,Q164_R19,Q164_R46,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3250,Q164_R24,Q164_R29,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Irrelevant
3251,Q164_R24,Q164_R30,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3252,Q164_R24,Q164_R37,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3253,Q164_R24,Q164_R41,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3254,Q164_R24,Q164_R46,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3255,Q164_R29,Q164_R30,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3256,Q164_R29,Q164_R37,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3257,Q164_R29,Q164_R41,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3258,Q164_R29,Q164_R46,serious question. i have a serious question to those nonmuslims who work in Qatar. now after living in an islamic country do you find the Islam something different from that you were hearing about before??? if yes ; is this difference positive or negative?? in your openion ; what are the reasons of the difference between the real islam and your previous background?? do you think now you have a complete image about what is islam or you need more time??,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3259,Q164_R30,Q164_R37,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
3260,Q164_R30,Q164_R41,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3261,Q164_R30,Q164_R46,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3262,Q164_R37,Q164_R41,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,Irrelevant
3263,Q164_R37,Q164_R46,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3264,Q164_R41,Q164_R46,Prostitution Thread. What happened here? Seems to me some of us were having a sensible discussion about prostitution in Qatar and the thread vanished??? Am I missing something? I did not see anything deserving of sensoring/editing unless we look at the original post; and I am sure that could have been dealt with seperately and so keeping the thread 'alive'. Or is it being implied that we bury our head in the sand and pretend it does not exist here? Can we continue here ...................?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3265,Q165_R14,Q165_R48,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,How I activate Metrash 2?. ,Irrelevant
3266,Q165_R14,Q165_R54,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,Will I get over my fear of driving in Qatar?. Hi all; I lived 3 years in Dubai; and I refused to drive. Huge SUVs and zooming luxury cars; speeding at all cost. Now in Qatar and I feel the driving is worse here; if that were possible. How will I ever be able to get behind the wheel and feel confident. I know I'm a wimp; but with 2 kids in tow; it just simply terrifies me.,Irrelevant
3267,Q165_R14,Q165_R60,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Irrelevant
3268,Q165_R14,Q165_R87,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
3269,Q165_R14,Q165_R95,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,DRIVING RULE BOOK. Looking for a copy of the driving rules for Qatar.  Do Newsagents; Traffic Dept or Driving Schools have copies for sale?  Let&#39;s know if you can assist. By the way - no need for the jokes that may be there.  Keep them to yourself.  This is a research project.,Irrelevant
3270,Q165_R48,Q165_R54,How I activate Metrash 2?. ,Will I get over my fear of driving in Qatar?. Hi all; I lived 3 years in Dubai; and I refused to drive. Huge SUVs and zooming luxury cars; speeding at all cost. Now in Qatar and I feel the driving is worse here; if that were possible. How will I ever be able to get behind the wheel and feel confident. I know I'm a wimp; but with 2 kids in tow; it just simply terrifies me.,Irrelevant
3271,Q165_R48,Q165_R60,How I activate Metrash 2?. ,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Irrelevant
3272,Q165_R48,Q165_R87,How I activate Metrash 2?. ,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
3273,Q165_R48,Q165_R95,How I activate Metrash 2?. ,DRIVING RULE BOOK. Looking for a copy of the driving rules for Qatar.  Do Newsagents; Traffic Dept or Driving Schools have copies for sale?  Let&#39;s know if you can assist. By the way - no need for the jokes that may be there.  Keep them to yourself.  This is a research project.,Irrelevant
3274,Q165_R54,Q165_R60,Will I get over my fear of driving in Qatar?. Hi all; I lived 3 years in Dubai; and I refused to drive. Huge SUVs and zooming luxury cars; speeding at all cost. Now in Qatar and I feel the driving is worse here; if that were possible. How will I ever be able to get behind the wheel and feel confident. I know I'm a wimp; but with 2 kids in tow; it just simply terrifies me.,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Irrelevant
3275,Q165_R54,Q165_R87,Will I get over my fear of driving in Qatar?. Hi all; I lived 3 years in Dubai; and I refused to drive. Huge SUVs and zooming luxury cars; speeding at all cost. Now in Qatar and I feel the driving is worse here; if that were possible. How will I ever be able to get behind the wheel and feel confident. I know I'm a wimp; but with 2 kids in tow; it just simply terrifies me.,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
3276,Q165_R54,Q165_R95,Will I get over my fear of driving in Qatar?. Hi all; I lived 3 years in Dubai; and I refused to drive. Huge SUVs and zooming luxury cars; speeding at all cost. Now in Qatar and I feel the driving is worse here; if that were possible. How will I ever be able to get behind the wheel and feel confident. I know I'm a wimp; but with 2 kids in tow; it just simply terrifies me.,DRIVING RULE BOOK. Looking for a copy of the driving rules for Qatar.  Do Newsagents; Traffic Dept or Driving Schools have copies for sale?  Let&#39;s know if you can assist. By the way - no need for the jokes that may be there.  Keep them to yourself.  This is a research project.,Irrelevant
3277,Q165_R60,Q165_R87,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,Irrelevant
3278,Q165_R60,Q165_R95,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,DRIVING RULE BOOK. Looking for a copy of the driving rules for Qatar.  Do Newsagents; Traffic Dept or Driving Schools have copies for sale?  Let&#39;s know if you can assist. By the way - no need for the jokes that may be there.  Keep them to yourself.  This is a research project.,Irrelevant
3279,Q165_R87,Q165_R95,LEAVING QATAR?. MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION TO QL MEMBERS........ "PEOPLE ARE LEAVING QATAR BECAUSE OF RISE IN RENT AND COST OF LIVING". I ALSO HEARD THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES SHIFTING FROM QATAR TO OTHER PLACES. SCHOOLS IN QATAR ALSO FACING PROBLEMS WITH DISCONTINUATION IN ATTENDANCE ROLL.IS IT TRUE?,DRIVING RULE BOOK. Looking for a copy of the driving rules for Qatar.  Do Newsagents; Traffic Dept or Driving Schools have copies for sale?  Let&#39;s know if you can assist. By the way - no need for the jokes that may be there.  Keep them to yourself.  This is a research project.,Irrelevant
3280,Q166_R16,Q166_R17,Upgrade or buy a new one?. We have a 4-year old Acer Laptop with the following specs: Intel Celeron 2.0 GHz-M 256 MB DDR SDRAM 30GB Ultra ATA/100 HDD 8x DVD-ROM Only using it to check emails and hubby plays pc games...but sometimes memory runs low... can laptops be upgraded? does it cost a lot? or is it better to buy a new one? i believe there are a lot of QL experts here for advise...,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Irrelevant
3281,Q166_R16,Q166_R20,Upgrade or buy a new one?. We have a 4-year old Acer Laptop with the following specs: Intel Celeron 2.0 GHz-M 256 MB DDR SDRAM 30GB Ultra ATA/100 HDD 8x DVD-ROM Only using it to check emails and hubby plays pc games...but sometimes memory runs low... can laptops be upgraded? does it cost a lot? or is it better to buy a new one? i believe there are a lot of QL experts here for advise...,Purchasing an internet router?. Can one purchase a router in Qatar and connect it to Qtel's ADSL lines? My husband and I have 2 laptops and want to be able to connect them both to the internet. If so; where should one go to purhcase one? How much should I expect one to cost?,Irrelevant
3282,Q166_R16,Q166_R26,Upgrade or buy a new one?. We have a 4-year old Acer Laptop with the following specs: Intel Celeron 2.0 GHz-M 256 MB DDR SDRAM 30GB Ultra ATA/100 HDD 8x DVD-ROM Only using it to check emails and hubby plays pc games...but sometimes memory runs low... can laptops be upgraded? does it cost a lot? or is it better to buy a new one? i believe there are a lot of QL experts here for advise...,How to make a cheaper international call. I want use skype.Is it allowed in Qatar?,Irrelevant
3283,Q166_R16,Q166_R28,Upgrade or buy a new one?. We have a 4-year old Acer Laptop with the following specs: Intel Celeron 2.0 GHz-M 256 MB DDR SDRAM 30GB Ultra ATA/100 HDD 8x DVD-ROM Only using it to check emails and hubby plays pc games...but sometimes memory runs low... can laptops be upgraded? does it cost a lot? or is it better to buy a new one? i believe there are a lot of QL experts here for advise...,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
3284,Q166_R16,Q166_R29,Upgrade or buy a new one?. We have a 4-year old Acer Laptop with the following specs: Intel Celeron 2.0 GHz-M 256 MB DDR SDRAM 30GB Ultra ATA/100 HDD 8x DVD-ROM Only using it to check emails and hubby plays pc games...but sometimes memory runs low... can laptops be upgraded? does it cost a lot? or is it better to buy a new one? i believe there are a lot of QL experts here for advise...,Where can I have laptop keyboard fixed. I have some loose keys on my Acer laptop (not under warranty anymore) as my baby loves grabbing my laptop and hitting the keys really hard :) Where can I have these fixed quickly and cheaply? Thanks :),Irrelevant
3285,Q166_R17,Q166_R20,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Purchasing an internet router?. Can one purchase a router in Qatar and connect it to Qtel's ADSL lines? My husband and I have 2 laptops and want to be able to connect them both to the internet. If so; where should one go to purhcase one? How much should I expect one to cost?,Irrelevant
3286,Q166_R17,Q166_R26,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,How to make a cheaper international call. I want use skype.Is it allowed in Qatar?,Irrelevant
3287,Q166_R17,Q166_R28,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
3288,Q166_R17,Q166_R29,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Where can I have laptop keyboard fixed. I have some loose keys on my Acer laptop (not under warranty anymore) as my baby loves grabbing my laptop and hitting the keys really hard :) Where can I have these fixed quickly and cheaply? Thanks :),Irrelevant
3289,Q166_R20,Q166_R26,Purchasing an internet router?. Can one purchase a router in Qatar and connect it to Qtel's ADSL lines? My husband and I have 2 laptops and want to be able to connect them both to the internet. If so; where should one go to purhcase one? How much should I expect one to cost?,How to make a cheaper international call. I want use skype.Is it allowed in Qatar?,Irrelevant
3290,Q166_R20,Q166_R28,Purchasing an internet router?. Can one purchase a router in Qatar and connect it to Qtel's ADSL lines? My husband and I have 2 laptops and want to be able to connect them both to the internet. If so; where should one go to purhcase one? How much should I expect one to cost?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
3291,Q166_R20,Q166_R29,Purchasing an internet router?. Can one purchase a router in Qatar and connect it to Qtel's ADSL lines? My husband and I have 2 laptops and want to be able to connect them both to the internet. If so; where should one go to purhcase one? How much should I expect one to cost?,Where can I have laptop keyboard fixed. I have some loose keys on my Acer laptop (not under warranty anymore) as my baby loves grabbing my laptop and hitting the keys really hard :) Where can I have these fixed quickly and cheaply? Thanks :),Irrelevant
3292,Q166_R26,Q166_R28,How to make a cheaper international call. I want use skype.Is it allowed in Qatar?,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
3293,Q166_R26,Q166_R29,How to make a cheaper international call. I want use skype.Is it allowed in Qatar?,Where can I have laptop keyboard fixed. I have some loose keys on my Acer laptop (not under warranty anymore) as my baby loves grabbing my laptop and hitting the keys really hard :) Where can I have these fixed quickly and cheaply? Thanks :),Irrelevant
3294,Q166_R28,Q166_R29,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Where can I have laptop keyboard fixed. I have some loose keys on my Acer laptop (not under warranty anymore) as my baby loves grabbing my laptop and hitting the keys really hard :) Where can I have these fixed quickly and cheaply? Thanks :),Irrelevant
3295,Q167_R9,Q167_R12,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Irrelevant
3296,Q167_R9,Q167_R15,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3297,Q167_R9,Q167_R38,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Irrelevant
3298,Q167_R9,Q167_R41,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Irrelevant
3299,Q167_R9,Q167_R42,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
3300,Q167_R9,Q167_R52,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3301,Q167_R9,Q167_R53,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3302,Q167_R9,Q167_R58,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3303,Q167_R9,Q167_R75,Choosing a wife. I came across this editorial on how Muslim men were supposedly intimidated by well-educated females in their thirties when it came to choosing a wife. http://www.altmuslimah.com/a/b/rsa/4291/ This raises the larger question; do you think men in general (regardless of religion) prefer to marry someone who is younger and less educated? Are marriages more successful when the woman is less educated and younger than the man?,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3304,Q167_R12,Q167_R15,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3305,Q167_R12,Q167_R38,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Irrelevant
3306,Q167_R12,Q167_R41,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Irrelevant
3307,Q167_R12,Q167_R42,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
3308,Q167_R12,Q167_R52,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3309,Q167_R12,Q167_R53,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3310,Q167_R12,Q167_R58,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3311,Q167_R12,Q167_R75,Marriage before love?. I'm watching this movie Bride and Prejudice starring Aishwarya Rai and Martin Henderson and there's one scene in this movie where the mother offers her daughters to marry bachelors and the mother mentioned 'marriage first before love'. I thought you need to know your girl first before you marry? Is this 'marriage before love' a natural custom in India? Explain please.,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3312,Q167_R15,Q167_R38,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Irrelevant
3313,Q167_R15,Q167_R41,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Irrelevant
3314,Q167_R15,Q167_R42,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
3315,Q167_R15,Q167_R52,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3316,Q167_R15,Q167_R53,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3317,Q167_R15,Q167_R58,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3318,Q167_R15,Q167_R75,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3319,Q167_R38,Q167_R41,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Irrelevant
3320,Q167_R38,Q167_R42,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
3321,Q167_R38,Q167_R52,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3322,Q167_R38,Q167_R53,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3323,Q167_R38,Q167_R58,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3324,Q167_R38,Q167_R75,Global Overpopulation. Do you believe that globally we are overpopulated? Basically; what I'm asking is if you believe that the modern world needs to start introducing population control measures (Think China) Or just carry on the way we have for century's & hope technology can keep making breakthroughs & we can start burning through resources we never knew could be harnessed. I'm sure you can guess my opinion on the subject.,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3325,Q167_R41,Q167_R42,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Irrelevant
3326,Q167_R41,Q167_R52,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3327,Q167_R41,Q167_R53,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3328,Q167_R41,Q167_R58,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3329,Q167_R41,Q167_R75,Qatari locals. Hello guys and girls; mothers and fathers; brothers and sisters; locals and expats! Can anyone tell me about behaviour of locals in Qatar? What kind of people they are? For instance; in Dubai; most of locals are very ignorant and arrogant and additionally they think that they are as if like a holy or someone from outer space; sorry for that; but that's how they act and behave in public. Is it the same in Qatar? Hope not. Many thanks!,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3330,Q167_R42,Q167_R52,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Irrelevant
3331,Q167_R42,Q167_R53,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3332,Q167_R42,Q167_R58,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3333,Q167_R42,Q167_R75,International School of London. Comments anyone?,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3334,Q167_R52,Q167_R53,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Irrelevant
3335,Q167_R52,Q167_R58,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3336,Q167_R52,Q167_R75,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3337,Q167_R53,Q167_R58,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Irrelevant
3338,Q167_R53,Q167_R75,Qatar vs UAE vs Kuwait. For people who have been to all those places. Which one do you prefer to live/work in? For me personally its Abu Dhabi since its just years ahead of pretty much everyone in the middle east. Kuwait seems fun too but right now for me; Qatar is where the money is at. And yeah; this is just meant to be a thread to see peoples opinions; not a flaming contest. Keep it clean guys.,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3339,Q167_R58,Q167_R75,Hairdressers. Sorry for the girly nature of this question; but I'm desperate. Ladies; can you recommend a decent hairdresser in Doha? I've been here several months and all I've heard are horror stories. Any suggestions would be gratefully received; my hair is getting so long I'm starting to look like 'Cousin It' from the Addams Family.,Women. An equal partner or housemaid. Ok... I wanted to start a topic i know will stir up some emotion because theirs nothing like a good old heated debate. Its mainly for the men here (but you lovely ladies are more than welcome (as if i could stop you anyway)). What is a womans role in society? Is she an equal partner in your relationship; or; is she just an expensive way to get your laundry done for nothing. No; seriously; i would be interested to see some views on this.Â ,Irrelevant
3340,Q168_R44,Q168_R59,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Healthy eating options in Qatar Where?. Could someone please tell us where are the healthy eating shops as an alternative to the fat food places here. Only reply if you know of any alternatives i dont want to hear about wackdonalds or burgerfling.,Irrelevant
3341,Q168_R44,Q168_R63,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Indian/Pakistani Clothes shops in Doha?. Does anyone know any decent ones please?,Irrelevant
3342,Q168_R44,Q168_R66,Which restaurant serves the Best Biryani in Town?. Can anyone suggest where i can get the tastiest BIRYANI in Town. Thank You.,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3343,Q168_R59,Q168_R63,Healthy eating options in Qatar Where?. Could someone please tell us where are the healthy eating shops as an alternative to the fat food places here. Only reply if you know of any alternatives i dont want to hear about wackdonalds or burgerfling.,Indian/Pakistani Clothes shops in Doha?. Does anyone know any decent ones please?,Irrelevant
3344,Q168_R59,Q168_R66,Healthy eating options in Qatar Where?. Could someone please tell us where are the healthy eating shops as an alternative to the fat food places here. Only reply if you know of any alternatives i dont want to hear about wackdonalds or burgerfling.,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3345,Q168_R63,Q168_R66,Indian/Pakistani Clothes shops in Doha?. Does anyone know any decent ones please?,Best Chinese food in Doha?. Ok; where do I go?,Irrelevant
3346,Q169_R8,Q169_R53,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Exit Permit Requiements. Hello All; My Parents are here on visit visa for a month. Do I need to provide Exit permit even for them? as they are only on visit visa for a month. Please provide your valuable advise. Thanks all.,Irrelevant
3347,Q169_R8,Q169_R71,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,Can a teacher support a spouse and two small children in Qatar on a teaching salary?. ,Irrelevant
3348,Q169_R8,Q169_R87,Family Visa process. How long it takes to process Husband/family visa? completed all requirements and 2 weeks now since my husband mandoub filed to immigration.No news heard since then..i was stranded here in Dubai waiting for that visa to finished..,30-40k QAR per month. Hello everyone; A fairly straightforward question for you all: what type of jobs typically command a salary of 30-40k QAR per month (allowances are in addition to this salary) in Qatar? I'm from the UK and have applied for a job that has this salary. I think it's pretty awesome (please correct me if I am wrong) and was just wondering how it compared with other jobs. Thanks very much in advance for your help.,Irrelevant
3349,Q169_R53,Q169_R71,Exit Permit Requiements. Hello All; My Parents are here on visit visa for a month. Do I need to provide Exit permit even for them? as they are only on visit visa for a month. Please provide your valuable advise. Thanks all.,Can a teacher support a spouse and two small children in Qatar on a teaching salary?. ,Irrelevant
3350,Q169_R53,Q169_R87,Exit Permit Requiements. Hello All; My Parents are here on visit visa for a month. Do I need to provide Exit permit even for them? as they are only on visit visa for a month. Please provide your valuable advise. Thanks all.,30-40k QAR per month. Hello everyone; A fairly straightforward question for you all: what type of jobs typically command a salary of 30-40k QAR per month (allowances are in addition to this salary) in Qatar? I'm from the UK and have applied for a job that has this salary. I think it's pretty awesome (please correct me if I am wrong) and was just wondering how it compared with other jobs. Thanks very much in advance for your help.,Irrelevant
3351,Q169_R71,Q169_R87,Can a teacher support a spouse and two small children in Qatar on a teaching salary?. ,30-40k QAR per month. Hello everyone; A fairly straightforward question for you all: what type of jobs typically command a salary of 30-40k QAR per month (allowances are in addition to this salary) in Qatar? I'm from the UK and have applied for a job that has this salary. I think it's pretty awesome (please correct me if I am wrong) and was just wondering how it compared with other jobs. Thanks very much in advance for your help.,Irrelevant
3352,Q170_R28,Q170_R33,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Salary for assistan professor. Hi All; Does anyone have an idea what is salary range for assitant professor in engineering diciplin; in qatar university or other universities in qatar? Thanks in advance for your time.,Irrelevant
3353,Q170_R28,Q170_R36,Are U.S. College Degrees Valuable in Qatar ?. Hi Forum; I'm currently a student in America; completing my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration (Management Information Systems) from an accredited U.S. College. I heard that degrees from American or British colleges are very valuable in Qatar; is this true ? I will also pick up experience before applying for a job in Doha. Please kindly let me know; thanks.,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3354,Q170_R33,Q170_R36,Salary for assistan professor. Hi All; Does anyone have an idea what is salary range for assitant professor in engineering diciplin; in qatar university or other universities in qatar? Thanks in advance for your time.,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
3355,Q171_R9,Q171_R13,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Irrelevant
3356,Q171_R9,Q171_R14,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Irrelevant
3357,Q171_R9,Q171_R16,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Irrelevant
3358,Q171_R9,Q171_R20,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Irrelevant
3359,Q171_R9,Q171_R21,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
3360,Q171_R9,Q171_R23,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3361,Q171_R9,Q171_R33,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3362,Q171_R9,Q171_R34,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3363,Q171_R9,Q171_R36,pls interpret! visa type in arabic to english. anyone who can interpret/translate this arabic into english?? (PLEASE SEE MY ATTACHMENT BELOW) this is part of the visa sent to me but it is in arabic;i need to know what type of visa is this; resident visa; visit visa; resident visit visa(is there such kind of visa?); or personal visit visa; etc.. THANKS!,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3364,Q171_R13,Q171_R14,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Irrelevant
3365,Q171_R13,Q171_R16,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Irrelevant
3366,Q171_R13,Q171_R20,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Irrelevant
3367,Q171_R13,Q171_R21,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
3368,Q171_R13,Q171_R23,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3369,Q171_R13,Q171_R33,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3370,Q171_R13,Q171_R34,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3371,Q171_R13,Q171_R36,LCD TV: Samsung or Sony ?. Greetings everyone; this is my first post on QL. Hope you all will be kind enough to extend your helpful views on it. I plan to buy a LCD TV and Im confused between Samsung and Sony. I would like your views on which brand is better in terms of quality; features and after-sales support extended by Techno Blue and Modern Home respectively for Samsung and Sony? Thank you,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3372,Q171_R14,Q171_R16,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Irrelevant
3373,Q171_R14,Q171_R20,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Irrelevant
3374,Q171_R14,Q171_R21,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
3375,Q171_R14,Q171_R23,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3376,Q171_R14,Q171_R33,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3377,Q171_R14,Q171_R34,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3378,Q171_R14,Q171_R36,How to obtain CID clearance/ Job employment. Is anybody get CID clearance for employment at semi-government company only this month? I would like to ask how did you process your paper? ...any answer is appreciated...thank you,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3379,Q171_R16,Q171_R20,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Irrelevant
3380,Q171_R16,Q171_R21,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
3381,Q171_R16,Q171_R23,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3382,Q171_R16,Q171_R33,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3383,Q171_R16,Q171_R34,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3384,Q171_R16,Q171_R36,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3385,Q171_R20,Q171_R21,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
3386,Q171_R20,Q171_R23,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3387,Q171_R20,Q171_R33,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3388,Q171_R20,Q171_R34,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3389,Q171_R20,Q171_R36,Authentic Spanish Paella in Doha. Hello; Just came back from Barcelona where they have the best Paellas ever. This just woke up the Paella fire deep inside me ;) Anyone actually knows of a place that serves authentic Spanish Paellas in Doha ? Desperately Paella Hungry. Thanks ;),Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3390,Q171_R21,Q171_R23,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Irrelevant
3391,Q171_R21,Q171_R33,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3392,Q171_R21,Q171_R34,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3393,Q171_R21,Q171_R36,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3394,Q171_R23,Q171_R33,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Irrelevant
3395,Q171_R23,Q171_R34,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3396,Q171_R23,Q171_R36,Immigration in naia???. Ill be leaving this week; i obtained a business visa through company sponsorship. What are the documents needed to bring in naia? I heard that many of our kabayans are offloaded. Im quite confused. thanks!,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3397,Q171_R33,Q171_R34,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Irrelevant
3398,Q171_R33,Q171_R36,confused. im confused.. because my company gave me an ultimatum to transfer my sponsorship because i resign at my previous work;;but they need a new visa before they can give me the NOC... unfortunately the company that ive got who gave an offer they dont have female visa.. what i need to do?? i dont have time...,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3399,Q171_R34,Q171_R36,advice me pls. im haveing problem to find stuff for my nursery poeple they don't want to work with kids?!! i have more then 3 month looking for females techer/ assitants ; i can't find ??? what to do any suggestion? i realy need help,Do i need to convert in a muslim religion if im going to married a muslim guy?. ,Irrelevant
3400,Q172_R12,Q172_R17,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Irrelevant
3401,Q172_R12,Q172_R21,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,Irrelevant
3402,Q172_R12,Q172_R22,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
3403,Q172_R12,Q172_R24,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,Irrelevant
3404,Q172_R12,Q172_R44,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
3405,Q172_R12,Q172_R47,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3406,Q172_R12,Q172_R49,Indians. Why are Indians so unoriginal? India copies everything done in the West. Hollywood has become Bollywood and even the movies are copied. Indian actors/actresses try hard to emulate Hollywood stars and always use the word 'cool' in their interviews. Rock/pop music is also copied. It seems Indians are too busy trying to be 'Western' they forget who they are!,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3407,Q172_R17,Q172_R21,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,Irrelevant
3408,Q172_R17,Q172_R22,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
3409,Q172_R17,Q172_R24,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,Irrelevant
3410,Q172_R17,Q172_R44,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
3411,Q172_R17,Q172_R47,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3412,Q172_R17,Q172_R49,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3413,Q172_R21,Q172_R22,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Irrelevant
3414,Q172_R21,Q172_R24,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,Irrelevant
3415,Q172_R21,Q172_R44,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
3416,Q172_R21,Q172_R47,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3417,Q172_R21,Q172_R49,Can all British teach English?. Why is it so hard to find qualified - certified British instructors of English Language in Qatar! Are they really few? How can I get in touch with them? Any social clubs that they might meet at in town?,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3418,Q172_R22,Q172_R24,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,Irrelevant
3419,Q172_R22,Q172_R44,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
3420,Q172_R22,Q172_R47,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3421,Q172_R22,Q172_R49,doha is developing but how good is the real development?. give me your comments people. personally i think the development right now is done without any vision what so ever. the basic services still suck big time.. I would be happy to the the depths of my heart the day i see a government service personnel who can understand and communicate in good english? or is learning arabic mandatory??? do let me know,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3422,Q172_R24,Q172_R44,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Irrelevant
3423,Q172_R24,Q172_R47,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3424,Q172_R24,Q172_R49,and Indians complain of racism abroad....!. http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/doctors_work_together_but_eat_by_caste.php This is about highly educated Doctors in an Indian Medical College whose food is cooked in separate kitchens based on their caste hierarchy! When this is how educated Indians live in India; what right do Indians have to complain about Racism elsewhere?,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3425,Q172_R44,Q172_R47,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,Irrelevant
3426,Q172_R44,Q172_R49,M.E.S indian school. Anarchist. M.E.S started refusing admission to certain nationals back in 1998. There rationale was that students from certain background can be a disruptive influence. Critics were in peace back then. Now; it is simply ridiculous. Why refuse admission to non-Indian nationals? Is the eduction ministry aware of this? There should be tough rules and fines for this. I know of no PRIVATE schools in qatar or overseas which conduct in such non ethical fashion.,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3427,Q172_R47,Q172_R49,Why Arabs are Rude. In general; I find Arab people are NOT gentle. I am telling that from my 14 years of experience in the gulf. I mean most of them are rude. I see it in every segment of people not only higher class. Can anyone tell me if that is ego problem (Superiority complex) or something else? I know every where we will find bad-mannered people but in Arab's you will find plenty of the them. Yesterday i faced the same in customer service( I doubt) in Jarir book shop.,How is Education at MES School Qatar. How is Education at MES School Qatar? I was planning to get my kids admission in this school. Appreciate if you could comment; recommend other school at Par. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3428,Q173_R36,Q173_R47,family visa rejected what to do next?. I have 13000 salary plus company provided accommodation.. i submit all required doc salary certificate+ marriage certificate+ bank statement but i got rejected family visa today.:( I already apply for my yearly vocation and i am going on this month 20th june.... so should i ask for an interiew before or after come back from vocation? plz guide me what to do next? Thanks,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
3429,Q173_R36,Q173_R52,family visa rejected what to do next?. I have 13000 salary plus company provided accommodation.. i submit all required doc salary certificate+ marriage certificate+ bank statement but i got rejected family visa today.:( I already apply for my yearly vocation and i am going on this month 20th june.... so should i ask for an interiew before or after come back from vocation? plz guide me what to do next? Thanks,Family visa - normal duration?. Hi guys I submitted the application for my wife's family residence visa on 12-December and the checking receipt mentions that I should follow up on www.moi.gov.qa after 3 days. Its almost 8 days now and the status still shows as "under process". Is this normal? If they have accepted the documents; does that mean that I will get the visa for sure? My salary is above 10K so there is no prblem there.,Irrelevant
3430,Q173_R36,Q173_R58,family visa rejected what to do next?. I have 13000 salary plus company provided accommodation.. i submit all required doc salary certificate+ marriage certificate+ bank statement but i got rejected family visa today.:( I already apply for my yearly vocation and i am going on this month 20th june.... so should i ask for an interiew before or after come back from vocation? plz guide me what to do next? Thanks,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
3431,Q173_R47,Q173_R52,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Family visa - normal duration?. Hi guys I submitted the application for my wife's family residence visa on 12-December and the checking receipt mentions that I should follow up on www.moi.gov.qa after 3 days. Its almost 8 days now and the status still shows as "under process". Is this normal? If they have accepted the documents; does that mean that I will get the visa for sure? My salary is above 10K so there is no prblem there.,Irrelevant
3432,Q173_R47,Q173_R58,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
3433,Q173_R52,Q173_R58,Family visa - normal duration?. Hi guys I submitted the application for my wife's family residence visa on 12-December and the checking receipt mentions that I should follow up on www.moi.gov.qa after 3 days. Its almost 8 days now and the status still shows as "under process". Is this normal? If they have accepted the documents; does that mean that I will get the visa for sure? My salary is above 10K so there is no prblem there.,Sri Lanka. One question for those of you who have travelled to Sri Lanka on holidays and for them Sri Lankas here in Doha. How would you advise me to spend 10 days in Sri Lanka in August? How would you plan my itininary? I like nature; historical place; good street food; mountains; rivers. I will spend minimal time in the hotel. Thank you all for your advice.,Irrelevant
3434,Q174_R47,Q174_R54,transfer of sponsorship after 1 year?. can i transfer my sponsorship after 1 year?? need advise...please help me...,Ban in Qatar. I just want to ask if there is new rules about the ban in Qatar;once you are cancelled. Is there any ways to comeback and seek for a job again?,Irrelevant
3435,Q174_R47,Q174_R74,transfer of sponsorship after 1 year?. can i transfer my sponsorship after 1 year?? need advise...please help me...,Family visa. Hello I would like to know what are the required documents for applying for family visa; Already my wife is in qatar on visit visa. I need to change it to Family visa for RP. Please anyone tell me what all I require. * Regarding the bank statement ; is three(3) months bank statement enough? cause i can give only for three months. I opened an account only this month.. Pls advice.. Thank you. With regards. ,Irrelevant
3436,Q174_R54,Q174_R74,Ban in Qatar. I just want to ask if there is new rules about the ban in Qatar;once you are cancelled. Is there any ways to comeback and seek for a job again?,Family visa. Hello I would like to know what are the required documents for applying for family visa; Already my wife is in qatar on visit visa. I need to change it to Family visa for RP. Please anyone tell me what all I require. * Regarding the bank statement ; is three(3) months bank statement enough? cause i can give only for three months. I opened an account only this month.. Pls advice.. Thank you. With regards. ,Irrelevant
3437,Q175_R25,Q175_R40,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,CERTIFICATE ATTESTATION FROM HELPLINE OR GENIUS ????. Have you used HELPLINE OR GENIUS to get your degree attested from the INDIA? What was that experience like? Did they help you? ARE THEY AUTHORIZED AGENT ??? PLZ ANSWER,Irrelevant
3438,Q175_R25,Q175_R57,Marriage Certificate Attestation. HI All; Anybody can tell me what kind of attestation are the MOL looking for on the marriage certificate for family visit visa? Also if its really needed to get a visit visa for my wife? Thanks & Regards Gokul Govind,Family Residence VISA application. Hello everyone! I need your help! My wife's coming to DOHA on a working VISA as she took a job offer of a company here. What I would like to know is this: Can I apply for a Family Residence VISA for my daugther only; since my wife already have a VISA?   Thank you very much!  ,Irrelevant
3439,Q175_R40,Q175_R57,CERTIFICATE ATTESTATION FROM HELPLINE OR GENIUS ????. Have you used HELPLINE OR GENIUS to get your degree attested from the INDIA? What was that experience like? Did they help you? ARE THEY AUTHORIZED AGENT ??? PLZ ANSWER,Family Residence VISA application. Hello everyone! I need your help! My wife's coming to DOHA on a working VISA as she took a job offer of a company here. What I would like to know is this: Can I apply for a Family Residence VISA for my daugther only; since my wife already have a VISA?   Thank you very much!  ,Irrelevant
3440,Q176_R26,Q176_R50,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
3441,Q176_R26,Q176_R58,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
3442,Q176_R26,Q176_R59,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3443,Q176_R26,Q176_R68,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
3444,Q176_R26,Q176_R72,Any one has bought/ booked property in Pearl Qatar?. I have read several newspaper reports about peral qatar and how its thrown open for expats to invest in this project. With land prices and rentals shooting up in Doha; I felt it would be better to invest in Pearl Qatar and this would only be an appreciating asset... I would appreciate feedback from anyone who has actually invested / or planning to invest in this project... Whats the flip side/ disadvantages of investing in Pearl Qatar.....,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3445,Q176_R50,Q176_R58,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
3446,Q176_R50,Q176_R59,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3447,Q176_R50,Q176_R68,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
3448,Q176_R50,Q176_R72,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3449,Q176_R58,Q176_R59,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3450,Q176_R58,Q176_R68,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
3451,Q176_R58,Q176_R72,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3452,Q176_R59,Q176_R68,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Irrelevant
3453,Q176_R59,Q176_R72,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3454,Q176_R68,Q176_R72,Commission for rent ?. Ive lived in UAE ; BAHRAIN ; SAUDI . When it comes to renting a place ; the commission is paid by the landlord. He has hired this agent to find a person to rent the apartment ; isnt it his job to pay the person he hired ? Why do we have to pay the person who put an advertisement in the newspaper ? Just because he showed us the flat ; we have to pay half the rent to him? In other areas in the middle east ; the landlord pays ; not us ? Please advice!,Qatar University. Hello everyone; I will be joining Qatar University by the end of August. Anyone have some idea; how is academic environment there? Also; I will be staying at University housing (yet don't know where); How is university housing facility-wise and for a family of three. Anyone of you living there?; plz write about your experience. I will appreciate you feed back. Thanks,Irrelevant
3455,Q177_R12,Q177_R33,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3456,Q177_R12,Q177_R35,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
3457,Q177_R12,Q177_R45,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Irrelevant
3458,Q177_R12,Q177_R47,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Irrelevant
3459,Q177_R12,Q177_R52,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Irrelevant
3460,Q177_R12,Q177_R62,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3461,Q177_R12,Q177_R67,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3462,Q177_R12,Q177_R68,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3463,Q177_R12,Q177_R70,Does ISLAM Allowing To Celebrate Valentine's Day. IF NO.......? Then Why MUSLIM Are Celebrating Valentine's Day...,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3464,Q177_R33,Q177_R35,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
3465,Q177_R33,Q177_R45,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Irrelevant
3466,Q177_R33,Q177_R47,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Irrelevant
3467,Q177_R33,Q177_R52,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Irrelevant
3468,Q177_R33,Q177_R62,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3469,Q177_R33,Q177_R67,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3470,Q177_R33,Q177_R68,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3471,Q177_R33,Q177_R70,So...what have you bought on Amazon recently?. From reading post on this forum; it seems like everything I need is available in Doha. It also seems that people DO have to use Amazon or other online stores on occasion. I am curious as to what people need to send away for once they realize it isn't available (or very overpriced) in country. Spices; health and beauty; quality cookware; computer stuff all come to mind. It would be interesting to see what people want and need there. Thanks!,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3472,Q177_R35,Q177_R45,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Irrelevant
3473,Q177_R35,Q177_R47,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Irrelevant
3474,Q177_R35,Q177_R52,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Irrelevant
3475,Q177_R35,Q177_R62,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3476,Q177_R35,Q177_R67,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3477,Q177_R35,Q177_R68,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3478,Q177_R35,Q177_R70,qatar airways cabin crew. Hi everyone; in a few weeks I am about to start working for Qatar Airways as a cabin crew. Does anyone know what is the avarage flying time a month for a cabin crew? does it vary for those who just started working than for those who work for QR for some time? If you get a 3 year contract is it possible to get some promotion after a year or two or you just have to work on the same position and for the same salary for those 3 years? Thanks in advance.,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3479,Q177_R45,Q177_R47,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Irrelevant
3480,Q177_R45,Q177_R52,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Irrelevant
3481,Q177_R45,Q177_R62,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3482,Q177_R45,Q177_R67,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3483,Q177_R45,Q177_R68,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3484,Q177_R45,Q177_R70,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3485,Q177_R47,Q177_R52,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Irrelevant
3486,Q177_R47,Q177_R62,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3487,Q177_R47,Q177_R67,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3488,Q177_R47,Q177_R68,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3489,Q177_R47,Q177_R70,Minimum Speed Limits?. Okie...the fast moving cars have been the hottest topic on QL since ages...but what about those slow moving cars? Don't you think; there should be a penalty for slow movers as well? I mean; drivers here are at two extremes which makes the traffic horrible...Isn't it?,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3490,Q177_R52,Q177_R62,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Irrelevant
3491,Q177_R52,Q177_R67,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3492,Q177_R52,Q177_R68,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3493,Q177_R52,Q177_R70,Do you know Something about your Qatar ID?. Even it is a strange topic and will sound funny to most of you but someone might explain it in a good way. Each Qatari ID Number contains information about Your Date of Birth and Country etc. I exactly don't know the sequence; but if someone have good knowledge; please share it here. Which numbers stands for what? I am sure there are only 4 figures of serial number; others are personal information about the holder.,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3494,Q177_R62,Q177_R67,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Irrelevant
3495,Q177_R62,Q177_R68,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3496,Q177_R62,Q177_R70,Suggestion for hotel or restaurant for IFTAR?. I was tasked to look for a good hotel or restaurant for IFTAR for 20-25 pax..we have different nationalities here in the office so I need a good one that will satisfy the different taste buds :P any suggestions or reviews is highly appreciated.. Thanks..,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3497,Q177_R67,Q177_R68,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3498,Q177_R67,Q177_R70,Qtel ADSL speed question. Qtel offers 512k; 1MB; and 2MB ADSL for 200;300; or 400QR per month. I am moving to a place where I will have to decide which subscription. Would like some advice from experienced people. Is the extra speed worth it? Is the speed difference noticeable? I ask the question because the place where I am living now provides an Internet connection via a cable and the speed of the connection varies a lot.,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3499,Q177_R68,Q177_R70,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Whats your PC???. WHat are the specifications of your pc...??? lets chk out what ppl on QL are surfing wid.... mine is IBM laptop; 1.2 processor; 256 RAM,Irrelevant
3500,Q178_R31,Q178_R36,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Irrelevant
3501,Q178_R31,Q178_R43,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3502,Q178_R31,Q178_R46,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
3503,Q178_R31,Q178_R50,Tenancy Contract for Family Visit Visa. Please can anyone help me regarding the Tanancy Contract for Family Visit Visa; is it required to get attestation from Badiya even i am applying for visit visa??? If yes please advise i am staying in villa which is from personal not from Company..in this case will baldiya will attest my contract from person. Please advise..,work pace in Doha. Hi; My husband will start work in Qatar soon and we were wondering how is the work pace there? is it typical regular hours ( 9 to 5) or does it involve much of overtime/ weekend work/ Anyone with insides from the financial sector would be very helpful ;-) Thanks. (sorry as I initially posted my question in the wrong place),Irrelevant
3504,Q178_R36,Q178_R43,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3505,Q178_R36,Q178_R46,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
3506,Q178_R36,Q178_R50,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,work pace in Doha. Hi; My husband will start work in Qatar soon and we were wondering how is the work pace there? is it typical regular hours ( 9 to 5) or does it involve much of overtime/ weekend work/ Anyone with insides from the financial sector would be very helpful ;-) Thanks. (sorry as I initially posted my question in the wrong place),Irrelevant
3507,Q178_R43,Q178_R46,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
3508,Q178_R43,Q178_R50,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,work pace in Doha. Hi; My husband will start work in Qatar soon and we were wondering how is the work pace there? is it typical regular hours ( 9 to 5) or does it involve much of overtime/ weekend work/ Anyone with insides from the financial sector would be very helpful ;-) Thanks. (sorry as I initially posted my question in the wrong place),Irrelevant
3509,Q178_R46,Q178_R50,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,work pace in Doha. Hi; My husband will start work in Qatar soon and we were wondering how is the work pace there? is it typical regular hours ( 9 to 5) or does it involve much of overtime/ weekend work/ Anyone with insides from the financial sector would be very helpful ;-) Thanks. (sorry as I initially posted my question in the wrong place),Irrelevant
3510,Q179_R7,Q179_R21,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Irrelevant
3511,Q179_R7,Q179_R32,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Irrelevant
3512,Q179_R7,Q179_R37,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Irrelevant
3513,Q179_R7,Q179_R39,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3514,Q179_R7,Q179_R47,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Irrelevant
3515,Q179_R7,Q179_R49,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3516,Q179_R7,Q179_R51,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3517,Q179_R7,Q179_R56,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3518,Q179_R21,Q179_R32,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Irrelevant
3519,Q179_R21,Q179_R37,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Irrelevant
3520,Q179_R21,Q179_R39,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3521,Q179_R21,Q179_R47,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Irrelevant
3522,Q179_R21,Q179_R49,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3523,Q179_R21,Q179_R51,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3524,Q179_R21,Q179_R56,You have to see it - we need something like this in Qatar.. In the last 2 days I have seen five accidents on the streets. This is a clip from a Russian campaign against traffic violations. We need something like this in Qatar. Words are definitely not enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvZPEw-J5bI,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3525,Q179_R32,Q179_R37,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Irrelevant
3526,Q179_R32,Q179_R39,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3527,Q179_R32,Q179_R47,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Irrelevant
3528,Q179_R32,Q179_R49,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3529,Q179_R32,Q179_R51,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3530,Q179_R32,Q179_R56,Catholic Church in West bay Qatar. Hello there; is there someone who know a Roman catholic church in west bay or near from west bay? Thank u..^^,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3531,Q179_R37,Q179_R39,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3532,Q179_R37,Q179_R47,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Irrelevant
3533,Q179_R37,Q179_R49,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3534,Q179_R37,Q179_R51,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3535,Q179_R37,Q179_R56,* Root Beer *. I use to drink Root Beer from A&W (as per pic) which was located at Al Sadd Area. I have noticed that its no more there now...:( I love drinkin those fresh Root beer's especially with Ice cream toppings served at A&W which i dont find anywere now...:( I saw many CAN's of root beer in some markets which doesnt taste as good as the one at A&W. Any of you know were i can find ONE or where is the new location of A&W ?,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3536,Q179_R39,Q179_R47,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Irrelevant
3537,Q179_R39,Q179_R49,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3538,Q179_R39,Q179_R51,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3539,Q179_R39,Q179_R56,Where this garage located?. Hi; i want to have a check on my AC (nissan tiida) it seems that AC is not cooling properly(but still cool but not on very hot weather) i dont know if this on filter or compresor or preon; someone told me CarMaxx does well on AC cars; can anyone guide me where is the exact location of this garage? or any other garage in doha? (trusted and reliable with spare parts) thanks in advance!,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3540,Q179_R47,Q179_R49,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Irrelevant
3541,Q179_R47,Q179_R51,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3542,Q179_R47,Q179_R56,hey guyz can anyone help me??. i've been in qatar since may 2009. and now i want to resign with this company and want go back to my country but my company not letting me go. so; what possible thing i can do plz suggest me coz i've real problem to my family and any cost as soon as possible i have to go home. so many time i try to tell my bosses abt my problem but they dont even listen to me. exactly same thing they r doing with other employers also.,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3543,Q179_R49,Q179_R51,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Irrelevant
3544,Q179_R49,Q179_R56,Doha slang: please help. Hey everyone; Someone once said to me that somewhere that relies on the names of roundabouts for directions is probably lacking something in culture. Very unfair; I think; but it's got me thinking: what slang and nicknames exist in Qatar? I think everyone's heard of 'Cholesterol Corner'; but does everyone know where 'Big Switzerland' is? I'd love to do a feature on this for the paper; so any suggestions; please let me know. Cheers. Joe write2joewilliams@yahoo.co.uk,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3545,Q179_R51,Q179_R56,Asking for commission;... Me and my wife we're planning to transfer to a villa as family is getting big; But most of the advert i saw; they we're asking for 15 Days commission.. Half of the Rent are they serious?;.. that's to much!!! I hate those people who ask for commission;they taking advantage; and to greedy!;..,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Irrelevant
3546,Q180_R4,Q180_R16,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,Irrelevant
3547,Q180_R4,Q180_R22,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,Irrelevant
3548,Q180_R4,Q180_R28,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Irrelevant
3549,Q180_R4,Q180_R30,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Irrelevant
3550,Q180_R4,Q180_R32,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
3551,Q180_R4,Q180_R33,Is there any cameras on the roundabouts?. Hi Ql members; Is there any cameras in roundabouts. When i'm with my friend in the car; always see him beating the redlight on the roundabouts. Thanks,Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3552,Q180_R16,Q180_R22,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,Irrelevant
3553,Q180_R16,Q180_R28,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Irrelevant
3554,Q180_R16,Q180_R30,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Irrelevant
3555,Q180_R16,Q180_R32,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
3556,Q180_R16,Q180_R33,Crazy signal. Am new to Doha from Jamaica; staying near Crazy Signal.. Why this signal so crazy ?,Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3557,Q180_R22,Q180_R28,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Irrelevant
3558,Q180_R22,Q180_R30,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Irrelevant
3559,Q180_R22,Q180_R32,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
3560,Q180_R22,Q180_R33,bicycle shop. hi does anybody know where to buy bicycle ? there is a place in villagio but prices r starting from 3000 qar which is unnecessarily expensive. is there anywhere else you may sugggest ? thanks,Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3561,Q180_R28,Q180_R30,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Irrelevant
3562,Q180_R28,Q180_R32,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
3563,Q180_R28,Q180_R33,a huge accident at sheraton roundabout. Did anyone see the accident last night at sheraton round about??? Qatari woman was driving the car; and after the accident i saw the women crawling out and far from coz the car went on fire. i was making u turn on the roundabout when the accident happened but i didn't see the second car!!!! so just wondering if anyone has more info!,Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3564,Q180_R30,Q180_R32,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
3565,Q180_R30,Q180_R33,Scrapbooking materials.. does anyone knows where i could get scrapbooking materials(stickers; ribbons; cloths; buttons; papers; etc.) here in Doha? i've seen people recommanding me Daiso and Jarir. i did find some stuff at those 2 places but they're wayyy to few. =( so does anybody knows where i could get more materials like that; esp the ribbons n cloths? thanks. =),Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3566,Q180_R32,Q180_R33,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Nurseries in Doha -Qatar. Anyone can give me names of nurseries for my baby? should be either french or english.... if you could give me contact numbers; email; website and/ or address,Irrelevant
3567,Q181_R10,Q181_R17,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3568,Q181_R10,Q181_R51,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,red rebbon NBI. Hi freinds I just like to ask what is the procedure to put red rebbon NBI from philippines; I have already a new NBI but theres no red rebbon. red rebbon is required NBI? please advice..tanx,Irrelevant
3569,Q181_R10,Q181_R85,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Changing jobs in Qatar. Friends.. How we can move to another company if we get a better offer than current one? Is it possible to do so with out any hassles...? Friends.. Please discuss on it and kindly let me know...,Irrelevant
3570,Q181_R10,Q181_R93,Visa Transfer. I applied for Visa transfer ( Change of sponsorship ) more than 2 months back and the application is still under process. Any thoughts why it is taking so much time ? Is it normal to take such a long time ? Thank you for your help  ,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Irrelevant
3571,Q181_R17,Q181_R51,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,red rebbon NBI. Hi freinds I just like to ask what is the procedure to put red rebbon NBI from philippines; I have already a new NBI but theres no red rebbon. red rebbon is required NBI? please advice..tanx,Irrelevant
3572,Q181_R17,Q181_R85,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Changing jobs in Qatar. Friends.. How we can move to another company if we get a better offer than current one? Is it possible to do so with out any hassles...? Friends.. Please discuss on it and kindly let me know...,Irrelevant
3573,Q181_R17,Q181_R93,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Irrelevant
3574,Q181_R51,Q181_R85,red rebbon NBI. Hi freinds I just like to ask what is the procedure to put red rebbon NBI from philippines; I have already a new NBI but theres no red rebbon. red rebbon is required NBI? please advice..tanx,Changing jobs in Qatar. Friends.. How we can move to another company if we get a better offer than current one? Is it possible to do so with out any hassles...? Friends.. Please discuss on it and kindly let me know...,Irrelevant
3575,Q181_R51,Q181_R93,red rebbon NBI. Hi freinds I just like to ask what is the procedure to put red rebbon NBI from philippines; I have already a new NBI but theres no red rebbon. red rebbon is required NBI? please advice..tanx,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Irrelevant
3576,Q181_R85,Q181_R93,Changing jobs in Qatar. Friends.. How we can move to another company if we get a better offer than current one? Is it possible to do so with out any hassles...? Friends.. Please discuss on it and kindly let me know...,Advise regarding personal loans in Qatar. Hi there I am hoping to take up an offer of employment soon in Qatar. My question is...i currently have a personal loan in the UAE;and will not be able to leave the UAE; before it is settled. Is there anyway I can obtain a personal loan in Qatar before I leave the UAE; so that i can settle my finances her before I leave? Any advise from anyone in a similar situation? Thanks,Irrelevant
3577,Q182_R7,Q182_R14,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
3578,Q182_R7,Q182_R17,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
3579,Q182_R7,Q182_R21,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3580,Q182_R7,Q182_R24,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Irrelevant
3581,Q182_R7,Q182_R31,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3582,Q182_R7,Q182_R33,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3583,Q182_R7,Q182_R39,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3584,Q182_R7,Q182_R44,Why did the aliens leave Doha?. Anyone know anything about this building? Why is it there; and why was it not finished? This building and another twin; yet less complete; are located across the street from the Qatar National Theater; close to Corniche (near Oryx Roundabout). My children think that the aliens decided to leave Doha when they found out that Doha is too hot ;),New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3585,Q182_R14,Q182_R17,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,Irrelevant
3586,Q182_R14,Q182_R21,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3587,Q182_R14,Q182_R24,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Irrelevant
3588,Q182_R14,Q182_R31,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3589,Q182_R14,Q182_R33,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3590,Q182_R14,Q182_R39,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3591,Q182_R14,Q182_R44,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3592,Q182_R17,Q182_R21,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3593,Q182_R17,Q182_R24,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Irrelevant
3594,Q182_R17,Q182_R31,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3595,Q182_R17,Q182_R33,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3596,Q182_R17,Q182_R39,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3597,Q182_R17,Q182_R44,Women in Qatar?. I was wondering what the average woman in Qatar wears; native women not foreigners. I also would like to know what life is like for women. I also have the same question regarding men. I am just curious; I have heard Qatar is a wonderful place and I can't find this intformation elsewhere. If someone could reply I would appreciate it. Also are there any customs or holidays i should be aware of? Thanks for your help.,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3598,Q182_R21,Q182_R24,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Irrelevant
3599,Q182_R21,Q182_R31,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3600,Q182_R21,Q182_R33,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3601,Q182_R21,Q182_R39,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3602,Q182_R21,Q182_R44,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3603,Q182_R24,Q182_R31,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3604,Q182_R24,Q182_R33,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3605,Q182_R24,Q182_R39,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3606,Q182_R24,Q182_R44,|||Who would you like to push down the stairs ... And why ???. This is dedicated to my mate Oryx. [img_assist||||nid=56265||||title=.||||desc=||||link=none||||align=left||||width=||||height=0]|||,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3607,Q182_R31,Q182_R33,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Irrelevant
3608,Q182_R31,Q182_R39,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3609,Q182_R31,Q182_R44,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3610,Q182_R33,Q182_R39,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),Irrelevant
3611,Q182_R33,Q182_R44,Raining in Doha: Rare Scene........ :). Here at Al-Waab Street there was a loud thunderstorms and enough raining for Doha. This is my first winter here and I think it was one of the rare scenes of Doha. Did everybody enjoy it?,New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3612,Q182_R39,Q182_R44,Hi sir; thank you sir; ok sir; no sir;. Why is it that Asian people especially from philipines overuse the word SIR so much? it is like the start and end of every phrase they say! I respect the fact that they are polite tho; but too much politeness is also annoying sometimes; unless if their job security depends on saying this word so much ;),New to Doha. Hi folks; I'm moving to Doha on the 7th January; just looking for a bit of advice on what sort of things I could do for entertainment while I'm there. I'm interested in trying out new sports and golf; also wondered where the best places to go to watch the English football; also anywhere that would be likely to show Scotland internationals and the 6 nations rugby? Cheers,Irrelevant
3613,Q183_R19,Q183_R20,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,Irrelevant
3614,Q183_R19,Q183_R29,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Why no FAMILY VISA FOR FEMALE NURSES OF HMC?. Can a Hamad Medical Corporation female nurse get FAMILY VISA for her husband in qatar;if she gets more than 10000 QR????????????????OR FEMALES are not allowed to sponsor their husbands under family visa in Qatar?Is that Govt.'s policy and such kind of Rules are there?,Irrelevant
3615,Q183_R19,Q183_R40,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3616,Q183_R20,Q183_R29,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,Why no FAMILY VISA FOR FEMALE NURSES OF HMC?. Can a Hamad Medical Corporation female nurse get FAMILY VISA for her husband in qatar;if she gets more than 10000 QR????????????????OR FEMALES are not allowed to sponsor their husbands under family visa in Qatar?Is that Govt.'s policy and such kind of Rules are there?,Irrelevant
3617,Q183_R20,Q183_R40,husband visa not allow to resign;what to do?. My wife in my sponsorship (husband visa). Currently working in a company here in qatar; But she decided to resign. And her employee(owner of the company) doesn't want to allow her to resign; they say they will sue us and we will meet in the court? Is this possible? if ever my wife sign a contract to them and not yet finished; can they really sue her? If ever; anyone knows a lawyer to help us? thanks!,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3618,Q183_R29,Q183_R40,Why no FAMILY VISA FOR FEMALE NURSES OF HMC?. Can a Hamad Medical Corporation female nurse get FAMILY VISA for her husband in qatar;if she gets more than 10000 QR????????????????OR FEMALES are not allowed to sponsor their husbands under family visa in Qatar?Is that Govt.'s policy and such kind of Rules are there?,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
3619,Q184_R2,Q184_R5,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Irrelevant
3620,Q184_R2,Q184_R8,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3621,Q184_R2,Q184_R14,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3622,Q184_R2,Q184_R17,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3623,Q184_R2,Q184_R19,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3624,Q184_R2,Q184_R26,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3625,Q184_R2,Q184_R27,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3626,Q184_R2,Q184_R29,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3627,Q184_R5,Q184_R8,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Irrelevant
3628,Q184_R5,Q184_R14,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3629,Q184_R5,Q184_R17,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3630,Q184_R5,Q184_R19,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3631,Q184_R5,Q184_R26,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3632,Q184_R5,Q184_R27,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3633,Q184_R5,Q184_R29,Al Khor Community. Kia Ora from New Zealand. Can anyone provide me with info on living at Al Khor. It appears from the website to be a pretty nice environment. Are there any Kiwis/Aussie living there? Also; how is the medical centre at Al Khor? Many thanks.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3634,Q184_R8,Q184_R14,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
3635,Q184_R8,Q184_R17,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3636,Q184_R8,Q184_R19,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3637,Q184_R8,Q184_R26,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3638,Q184_R8,Q184_R27,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3639,Q184_R8,Q184_R29,Is commuting from outside Doha an option?. When I lived in Dubai; many people drove in every day from neighboring Sharjah. Is there a similar arrangement available in Doha? I'd rather not share an apartment nor would I like to pay 6000 for something small and uncomfortable inside the city (the vibe I get from these forums is 1 bedroom apartments aren't available for less than 6000). Thanks!,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3640,Q184_R14,Q184_R17,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3641,Q184_R14,Q184_R19,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3642,Q184_R14,Q184_R26,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3643,Q184_R14,Q184_R27,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3644,Q184_R14,Q184_R29,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3645,Q184_R17,Q184_R19,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
3646,Q184_R17,Q184_R26,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3647,Q184_R17,Q184_R27,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3648,Q184_R17,Q184_R29,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3649,Q184_R19,Q184_R26,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Irrelevant
3650,Q184_R19,Q184_R27,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3651,Q184_R19,Q184_R29,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3652,Q184_R26,Q184_R27,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Irrelevant
3653,Q184_R26,Q184_R29,Khor Al Odaid. Hi all!! For this long week end that's approach; i would like to go with my wife to visit khor el Odaid. We already gone to zekreek last week end and it was really nice. So for khor al odaid can i go alone with one car? If i don't go in the dunes? It not for run into the dunes; just for have a nice view. Is it hard to go there? there is a road.... So! You can see my worry about this trip; so please could you help me? Thanks a lot!!!,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3654,Q184_R27,Q184_R29,Anyone into Lure fishing?. Greetings; I am new in Doha. Looking for friends to go fishing with. Is anyone into lure fishing? Brought some of my fishing tackles here; but yet to wet some lines :)... Any good spots to share? Do drop me a reply... Thanks in advance. Cheers; TW,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
3655,Q185_R4,Q185_R24,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Irrelevant
3656,Q185_R4,Q185_R49,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,Irrelevant
3657,Q185_R4,Q185_R58,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,Irrelevant
3658,Q185_R4,Q185_R67,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Irrelevant
3659,Q185_R4,Q185_R70,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Irrelevant
3660,Q185_R4,Q185_R75,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3661,Q185_R4,Q185_R77,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3662,Q185_R24,Q185_R49,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,Irrelevant
3663,Q185_R24,Q185_R58,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,Irrelevant
3664,Q185_R24,Q185_R67,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Irrelevant
3665,Q185_R24,Q185_R70,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Irrelevant
3666,Q185_R24,Q185_R75,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3667,Q185_R24,Q185_R77,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3668,Q185_R49,Q185_R58,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,Irrelevant
3669,Q185_R49,Q185_R67,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Irrelevant
3670,Q185_R49,Q185_R70,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Irrelevant
3671,Q185_R49,Q185_R75,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3672,Q185_R49,Q185_R77,Yamah R6 2010. Hey friends... I'm planning to buy a sports bike and have narrowed down my choice to yamaha r6 2010. Can any one tell me where can i get the contact info for the yamaha dealer in doha and is it possible to get a bike on finance here??? Thanks Jz.,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3673,Q185_R58,Q185_R67,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Irrelevant
3674,Q185_R58,Q185_R70,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Irrelevant
3675,Q185_R58,Q185_R75,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3676,Q185_R58,Q185_R77,How much do you put up with?. I have a question for all of you. How much do you put up with as a customer when dealing with rude service people? When do you decide enough is enough and you complain to management?,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3677,Q185_R67,Q185_R70,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Irrelevant
3678,Q185_R67,Q185_R75,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3679,Q185_R67,Q185_R77,What does Qatar need?. I would like to get everyone's opinion as to what Qatar needs in terms of businesses. Expats what is in your country that Qatar is missing? I would appreciate serious answers only please...thank you!,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3680,Q185_R70,Q185_R75,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Irrelevant
3681,Q185_R70,Q185_R77,Health food store??. Ok..anyone know where i can find a health food store here in Doha? There are certain items that i can't find elsewhere and thought perhaps they might have them. Any help will be appreciated!,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3682,Q185_R75,Q185_R77,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Food delivery in Doha. Just moved to Doha recently.. is there any one who can assist with telling me where I can get information/ contact numbers for food delivery; and maybe even a map of major places/roads so it will be less confusing to get about? Thanks! K,Irrelevant
3683,Q186_R1,Q186_R2,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3684,Q186_R1,Q186_R18,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3685,Q186_R1,Q186_R22,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Irrelevant
3686,Q186_R1,Q186_R25,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3687,Q186_R1,Q186_R32,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
3688,Q186_R1,Q186_R40,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3689,Q186_R1,Q186_R41,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3690,Q186_R1,Q186_R43,Got terminated; what will happen to my bank liabilities?. Our company is recently downsizing and unfortunately i'm one of those lucky ones that got terminated. Though our company promised us that they will provide us a release papers . The big question is what will happen to my liabilities in my bank? i have an outstanding loan and credit card.   Thanks in advance guys and hope you can help me.,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3691,Q186_R2,Q186_R18,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
3692,Q186_R2,Q186_R22,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Irrelevant
3693,Q186_R2,Q186_R25,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3694,Q186_R2,Q186_R32,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
3695,Q186_R2,Q186_R40,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3696,Q186_R2,Q186_R41,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3697,Q186_R2,Q186_R43,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3698,Q186_R18,Q186_R22,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Irrelevant
3699,Q186_R18,Q186_R25,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3700,Q186_R18,Q186_R32,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
3701,Q186_R18,Q186_R40,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3702,Q186_R18,Q186_R41,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3703,Q186_R18,Q186_R43,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3704,Q186_R22,Q186_R25,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3705,Q186_R22,Q186_R32,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
3706,Q186_R22,Q186_R40,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3707,Q186_R22,Q186_R41,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3708,Q186_R22,Q186_R43,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3709,Q186_R25,Q186_R32,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Irrelevant
3710,Q186_R25,Q186_R40,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3711,Q186_R25,Q186_R41,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3712,Q186_R25,Q186_R43,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3713,Q186_R32,Q186_R40,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Irrelevant
3714,Q186_R32,Q186_R41,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3715,Q186_R32,Q186_R43,Terminated without NOC and with personal loan. I know this subject has been discussed before but I need real life examples or professional opinion please: Terminated from company; no intention to provide NOC; and personal loan from bank (with signed approval from sponsor to take the loan) which needs 3.5 years to be covered. What am I supposed to do? Anyone can help with real examples or legal opinion... Much appreciated!,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3716,Q186_R40,Q186_R41,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,Irrelevant
3717,Q186_R40,Q186_R43,If husband and wife have same blood group; any problem to have babies. Please answer in detail.?. ,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3718,Q186_R41,Q186_R43,Can't ask what's "illegal" in Qatar.. What the hell; I asked what's the situation with Marijuana in Qatar meaning like what are the laws; is it common; etc. and my question got deleted because it's illegal I guess... That's so dumb because what if you want to know the laws there? And what if what ever your asking is illegal in Qatar? You could risk going to jail because you weren't informed of this...,What do you think will happen if QTEL blocks Qatar Living?. ,Irrelevant
3719,Q187_R3,Q187_R11,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
3720,Q187_R3,Q187_R17,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Irrelevant
3721,Q187_R3,Q187_R22,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Irrelevant
3722,Q187_R3,Q187_R24,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Irrelevant
3723,Q187_R3,Q187_R43,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Irrelevant
3724,Q187_R3,Q187_R47,WHICH WATER COMPANY IS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????. HEY; I WANT TO MAKE WATER DELIVERY SUBSCRIBTION TO MY HOUSE .... I DONT REALLY KNOW WHICH WATER COMPANYIS MOST CLEAN IN QATAR??? RAYAN; NESTLE OR MANHAL????,Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3725,Q187_R11,Q187_R17,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Irrelevant
3726,Q187_R11,Q187_R22,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Irrelevant
3727,Q187_R11,Q187_R24,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Irrelevant
3728,Q187_R11,Q187_R43,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Irrelevant
3729,Q187_R11,Q187_R47,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3730,Q187_R17,Q187_R22,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Irrelevant
3731,Q187_R17,Q187_R24,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Irrelevant
3732,Q187_R17,Q187_R43,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Irrelevant
3733,Q187_R17,Q187_R47,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3734,Q187_R22,Q187_R24,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Irrelevant
3735,Q187_R22,Q187_R43,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Irrelevant
3736,Q187_R22,Q187_R47,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3737,Q187_R24,Q187_R43,Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Irrelevant
3738,Q187_R24,Q187_R47,Why is it hard to find a used water cooler. I've been looking for a used water cooler with a fridge under it but i didn't get lucky till now; is it that hard to find one with an appropriate price?,Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3739,Q187_R43,Q187_R47,Baby bottles w/water on plane okay?. Since we're moving to qatar soon with my 11 month old son; I would like to know is it ok to bring baby bottles filled w/ water? are there restrictions on International flights? Of course baby has to be feed so I'm thinking Mommies who travelled international with baby please advise.,Food and water. Im noticing a consistent and reoccuring theme with food in supermarkets so far. White Labels stuck over the ingredients and would like to know why. Also why oh why is there so much processed food? Is this because the lak of farm land to grow food. One more thing do we have to be wRy of drinking the bottled water? As some contain a high amount of sodium?,Irrelevant
3740,Q188_R40,Q188_R42,32" LCD TV to India. Has anybody taken 32” LCD TV to India. If so; is it allowed in Qatar Airways as Check-in baggage and how much duty paid in customs back home? Do we have to go through Red channel ?,Shipping cats from Canada to Doha. Can anyone give me a ballpark $$ figure for shipping a cat from Canada to Doha? I'm waiting to hear back from a couple of companies but I would like to hear some real-life experiences from folks. Does the cost double for shipping more than one pet or is there a base rate that goes up a certain amount for multiple pets? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3741,Q188_R40,Q188_R51,32" LCD TV to India. Has anybody taken 32” LCD TV to India. If so; is it allowed in Qatar Airways as Check-in baggage and how much duty paid in customs back home? Do we have to go through Red channel ?,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
3742,Q188_R40,Q188_R56,32" LCD TV to India. Has anybody taken 32” LCD TV to India. If so; is it allowed in Qatar Airways as Check-in baggage and how much duty paid in customs back home? Do we have to go through Red channel ?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3743,Q188_R42,Q188_R51,Shipping cats from Canada to Doha. Can anyone give me a ballpark $$ figure for shipping a cat from Canada to Doha? I'm waiting to hear back from a couple of companies but I would like to hear some real-life experiences from folks. Does the cost double for shipping more than one pet or is there a base rate that goes up a certain amount for multiple pets? Thanks in advance!,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,Irrelevant
3744,Q188_R42,Q188_R56,Shipping cats from Canada to Doha. Can anyone give me a ballpark $$ figure for shipping a cat from Canada to Doha? I'm waiting to hear back from a couple of companies but I would like to hear some real-life experiences from folks. Does the cost double for shipping more than one pet or is there a base rate that goes up a certain amount for multiple pets? Thanks in advance!,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3745,Q188_R51,Q188_R56,Flying dog to Canada??. Does anybody have any idea&#39;s on the cost of flying a dog back to Canada??Just a round about figure.I have a black Lab i want to take to Canada with me instaed of leaving in a kennel for three months.. What airlines and how i go about it???,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
3746,Q189_R2,Q189_R3,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
3747,Q189_R2,Q189_R5,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Irrelevant
3748,Q189_R2,Q189_R10,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Irrelevant
3749,Q189_R2,Q189_R12,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
3750,Q189_R2,Q189_R13,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Irrelevant
3751,Q189_R2,Q189_R14,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3752,Q189_R2,Q189_R16,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3753,Q189_R2,Q189_R22,Immigration to Canada. Hi; I am interested to migrate to Canada. Appreciate if any one can recomend me a good migration consultants in Qatar. Is it advisable to process my application through them ? or can I do it on my own. Thanks a Lot.,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3754,Q189_R3,Q189_R5,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Irrelevant
3755,Q189_R3,Q189_R10,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Irrelevant
3756,Q189_R3,Q189_R12,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
3757,Q189_R3,Q189_R13,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Irrelevant
3758,Q189_R3,Q189_R14,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3759,Q189_R3,Q189_R16,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3760,Q189_R3,Q189_R22,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3761,Q189_R5,Q189_R10,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Irrelevant
3762,Q189_R5,Q189_R12,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
3763,Q189_R5,Q189_R13,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Irrelevant
3764,Q189_R5,Q189_R14,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3765,Q189_R5,Q189_R16,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3766,Q189_R5,Q189_R22,Qatar Police Clearance. Dears; I'm a Filipino currently working here in Ras Laffan Industrial City. My sister is in Canada and she advised me to acquire the police clearance here in Qatar for future reference when I will be migrating also. My questions: 1. What are the requirements to process a Qatar Police Clearance? 2. What are the steps to follow? Thank you! Regards bonjiek1981,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3767,Q189_R10,Q189_R12,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
3768,Q189_R10,Q189_R13,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Irrelevant
3769,Q189_R10,Q189_R14,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3770,Q189_R10,Q189_R16,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3771,Q189_R10,Q189_R22,Australia and Canada; which country is the best for immigration and why?. ,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3772,Q189_R12,Q189_R13,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Irrelevant
3773,Q189_R12,Q189_R14,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3774,Q189_R12,Q189_R16,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3775,Q189_R12,Q189_R22,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3776,Q189_R13,Q189_R14,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Irrelevant
3777,Q189_R13,Q189_R16,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3778,Q189_R13,Q189_R22,Canada or Australia Migration. This is for my brother who is working as an IT professional in Dubai.... He is planning to migrate to Canada or Australia. But he is still not sure where to migrate.... I would really appreciate if somebody who has experience in this could give valuable suggestions.. Is Canada or Australia  a better place to migrate ?? Pls give ur valuable advices and suggestions...,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3779,Q189_R14,Q189_R16,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3780,Q189_R14,Q189_R22,Canada Immigration. Anybody know an agency here in Qatar where people can apply for Canada? What is the best and fastest process in migrating there? Please advice. Thanks!,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3781,Q189_R16,Q189_R22,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
3782,Q190_R18,Q190_R28,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Irrelevant
3783,Q190_R18,Q190_R77,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Philippine Embassy. Hi there! Just wondering if Philippine embassy is open today? I keep calling but nobody's answering my call. Any idea? Thanks!,Irrelevant
3784,Q190_R28,Q190_R77,NBI Clearance. Aug. 16; 2010 To whom it may concern: Hi Ma'am/Sir. I would like to ask how to get a NBI clearance and how to have it authenticated for employment purposes. How can I get one if I'm here in Qatar and how much will it cost me for this? What will be the process of getting it and for how long? Where can I get the papers needed here in Qatar? Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon. God Bless.,Philippine Embassy. Hi there! Just wondering if Philippine embassy is open today? I keep calling but nobody's answering my call. Any idea? Thanks!,Irrelevant
3785,Q191_R39,Q191_R42,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3786,Q191_R39,Q191_R53,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Why is Arabic compulsory in British Schools?. I really want to know what is this Arabic fascination in almost all the British Curriculum schools in Doha? It is not compulsory in Indian schools. So what is the solution for non-arabics who want their children to get educated in British schools. i know there are a few British schools where Arabic is not compulsory but getting admission in them is really difficult. so what is the solution?,Irrelevant
3787,Q191_R39,Q191_R68,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Learn French in Qatar?. Hi Everybody :) So one of my resolutions this year was to learn French...does anyone know if there is anywhere in Doha I can go to learn it? I went to the Fanar to learn Arabic last year and I would like something similar in French. I'm hopeless with online learning. MT,Irrelevant
3788,Q191_R42,Q191_R53,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Why is Arabic compulsory in British Schools?. I really want to know what is this Arabic fascination in almost all the British Curriculum schools in Doha? It is not compulsory in Indian schools. So what is the solution for non-arabics who want their children to get educated in British schools. i know there are a few British schools where Arabic is not compulsory but getting admission in them is really difficult. so what is the solution?,Irrelevant
3789,Q191_R42,Q191_R68,MA in English literature. Hello; I hold Master degree in English literature. I will come to Qatar on a visit visa. But I am a little bit hesitated. Can I get a job there especially I am from an Iraqi nationality is it so difficult? I need an advice please. Thanks for your help,Learn French in Qatar?. Hi Everybody :) So one of my resolutions this year was to learn French...does anyone know if there is anywhere in Doha I can go to learn it? I went to the Fanar to learn Arabic last year and I would like something similar in French. I'm hopeless with online learning. MT,Irrelevant
3790,Q191_R53,Q191_R68,Why is Arabic compulsory in British Schools?. I really want to know what is this Arabic fascination in almost all the British Curriculum schools in Doha? It is not compulsory in Indian schools. So what is the solution for non-arabics who want their children to get educated in British schools. i know there are a few British schools where Arabic is not compulsory but getting admission in them is really difficult. so what is the solution?,Learn French in Qatar?. Hi Everybody :) So one of my resolutions this year was to learn French...does anyone know if there is anywhere in Doha I can go to learn it? I went to the Fanar to learn Arabic last year and I would like something similar in French. I'm hopeless with online learning. MT,Irrelevant
3791,Q192_R23,Q192_R33,Canadian Embassy. Hey there guys!!! Do anyone here know the where abouts of Canadian Embassy in Qatar? Does it even exist; considering that there are a lot of Canadians here in Qatar.,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Irrelevant
3792,Q192_R23,Q192_R35,Canadian Embassy. Hey there guys!!! Do anyone here know the where abouts of Canadian Embassy in Qatar? Does it even exist; considering that there are a lot of Canadians here in Qatar.,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Irrelevant
3793,Q192_R23,Q192_R52,Canadian Embassy. Hey there guys!!! Do anyone here know the where abouts of Canadian Embassy in Qatar? Does it even exist; considering that there are a lot of Canadians here in Qatar.,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Irrelevant
3794,Q192_R23,Q192_R62,Canadian Embassy. Hey there guys!!! Do anyone here know the where abouts of Canadian Embassy in Qatar? Does it even exist; considering that there are a lot of Canadians here in Qatar.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3795,Q192_R33,Q192_R35,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Irrelevant
3796,Q192_R33,Q192_R52,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Irrelevant
3797,Q192_R33,Q192_R62,I WANT TO GO CANADA. I WANT TO GO TO CANADA FOR JOB. HOW CAN I BEGIN MY PROCESS HERE IN QATAR? ANYBODY CAN SUGGEST ME?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3798,Q192_R35,Q192_R52,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Irrelevant
3799,Q192_R35,Q192_R62,The Saudi Embassy is not issuing Umrah visas to visitors. Salaam Everyone; Very Sad to hear about this; My parents are here on visit and now they cant come with us for Umrah by Road or Air. Can anyone help or suggest anything?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3800,Q192_R52,Q192_R62,Can Unmarried couple vist Qatar?. My Canadian Son and Girlfriend want to visit at Christmas with their new baby for 2 weeks. As they are not married will this be a problem? *I am not interested in hearing any opinions on their marital status; just the facts please.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3801,Q193_R32,Q193_R34,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Irrelevant
3802,Q193_R32,Q193_R41,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
3803,Q193_R32,Q193_R46,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Irrelevant
3804,Q193_R32,Q193_R49,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
3805,Q193_R32,Q193_R52,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Irrelevant
3806,Q193_R32,Q193_R62,Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha?. Hi; can anybody advise me where I find a KIA dealer in Doha? I would like to spend some money there :o) Thanx all in advance,Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3807,Q193_R34,Q193_R41,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
3808,Q193_R34,Q193_R46,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Irrelevant
3809,Q193_R34,Q193_R49,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
3810,Q193_R34,Q193_R52,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Irrelevant
3811,Q193_R34,Q193_R62,Renault Duster 2013 - Please advice. Is there anybody using Renault Duster? If yes then please share the experience about that; i mean about the performance & maintenance cost.,Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3812,Q193_R41,Q193_R46,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Irrelevant
3813,Q193_R41,Q193_R49,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
3814,Q193_R41,Q193_R52,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Irrelevant
3815,Q193_R41,Q193_R62,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3816,Q193_R46,Q193_R49,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Irrelevant
3817,Q193_R46,Q193_R52,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Irrelevant
3818,Q193_R46,Q193_R62,Which is Better? Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007?. Hi everbody; As i am gonna move to Qatar; I have to choose one of the following cars to buy: Honda Accord 2007; Toyota Camry 2007; Nissan Altima 2007 Please advise; which one is the better?,Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3819,Q193_R49,Q193_R52,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Irrelevant
3820,Q193_R49,Q193_R62,Absolutely cheapest car rental company?. I'm sorry; I know this has been asked before a thousand times. The problem is most of the threads are 4 years old. What is the absolutely cheapest car available for rent through a reputable company? (I'm not interested in renting from anyone's friend; thanks!),Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3821,Q193_R52,Q193_R62,Nissan XTERRA. Can anybody suggest how is Nissan XTERRA? what is the consumption of fuel and is it eco friendly car?,Getting a car in doha. Dear all; I am from UK.I am getting a car allowance of QR 1500 per month. Will be sufficient to buy a new car?can i get a 100% loan from bank. Any advise guys?,Irrelevant
3822,Q195_R12,Q195_R26,recruitment companies. Can someone help me with the names or websites of recruiting companies in qatar? m looking for a job and gulf times has very limited oppoortunities one can look for in.,JOB APPLICATION: DIRECT OR THROUGH AGENCY??. I have seen a job that i think I would be ideal for me on www.bayt.com. The employer's name is listed. I know a recruitment agency that works directly with the company that has listed the position. Now would I better off applying for the position myself OR would I be better off getting the recruitment agency to apply for the position for me?? Thanks,Irrelevant
3823,Q195_R12,Q195_R31,recruitment companies. Can someone help me with the names or websites of recruiting companies in qatar? m looking for a job and gulf times has very limited oppoortunities one can look for in.,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Irrelevant
3824,Q195_R12,Q195_R37,recruitment companies. Can someone help me with the names or websites of recruiting companies in qatar? m looking for a job and gulf times has very limited oppoortunities one can look for in.,Companies Hiring. Anybody knew what companies are now hiring in doha?,Irrelevant
3825,Q195_R12,Q195_R43,recruitment companies. Can someone help me with the names or websites of recruiting companies in qatar? m looking for a job and gulf times has very limited oppoortunities one can look for in.,Applying online for QP jobs. Hello friends; Can someone give me some tips of how to apply for job online from QP website? I have tried for the past one year. But failed to get to any interviews. Pls tell me if there is any special recipe or things I should take care when doing the application online. Pls help me.,Irrelevant
3826,Q195_R12,Q195_R49,recruitment companies. Can someone help me with the names or websites of recruiting companies in qatar? m looking for a job and gulf times has very limited oppoortunities one can look for in.,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
3827,Q195_R26,Q195_R31,JOB APPLICATION: DIRECT OR THROUGH AGENCY??. I have seen a job that i think I would be ideal for me on www.bayt.com. The employer's name is listed. I know a recruitment agency that works directly with the company that has listed the position. Now would I better off applying for the position myself OR would I be better off getting the recruitment agency to apply for the position for me?? Thanks,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Irrelevant
3828,Q195_R26,Q195_R37,JOB APPLICATION: DIRECT OR THROUGH AGENCY??. I have seen a job that i think I would be ideal for me on www.bayt.com. The employer's name is listed. I know a recruitment agency that works directly with the company that has listed the position. Now would I better off applying for the position myself OR would I be better off getting the recruitment agency to apply for the position for me?? Thanks,Companies Hiring. Anybody knew what companies are now hiring in doha?,Irrelevant
3829,Q195_R26,Q195_R43,JOB APPLICATION: DIRECT OR THROUGH AGENCY??. I have seen a job that i think I would be ideal for me on www.bayt.com. The employer's name is listed. I know a recruitment agency that works directly with the company that has listed the position. Now would I better off applying for the position myself OR would I be better off getting the recruitment agency to apply for the position for me?? Thanks,Applying online for QP jobs. Hello friends; Can someone give me some tips of how to apply for job online from QP website? I have tried for the past one year. But failed to get to any interviews. Pls tell me if there is any special recipe or things I should take care when doing the application online. Pls help me.,Irrelevant
3830,Q195_R26,Q195_R49,JOB APPLICATION: DIRECT OR THROUGH AGENCY??. I have seen a job that i think I would be ideal for me on www.bayt.com. The employer's name is listed. I know a recruitment agency that works directly with the company that has listed the position. Now would I better off applying for the position myself OR would I be better off getting the recruitment agency to apply for the position for me?? Thanks,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
3831,Q195_R31,Q195_R37,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Companies Hiring. Anybody knew what companies are now hiring in doha?,Irrelevant
3832,Q195_R31,Q195_R43,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Applying online for QP jobs. Hello friends; Can someone give me some tips of how to apply for job online from QP website? I have tried for the past one year. But failed to get to any interviews. Pls tell me if there is any special recipe or things I should take care when doing the application online. Pls help me.,Irrelevant
3833,Q195_R31,Q195_R49,CANADA RECRUITMENT. I met one of the person here in qatar through the GULF TIMES advertisement; recruiting the skilled workers to Canada . The recruiter company name is "m98world". How I wil check whether this one is fake or not? They Are asking for 1500 QR for the visa processing also they inform as this process will take 10 months after the registration; So any one have any idea to verify this recruitment? There office is located just opposite side of the Al Safa hotel Near the Jaida Bridge.,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
3834,Q195_R37,Q195_R43,Companies Hiring. Anybody knew what companies are now hiring in doha?,Applying online for QP jobs. Hello friends; Can someone give me some tips of how to apply for job online from QP website? I have tried for the past one year. But failed to get to any interviews. Pls tell me if there is any special recipe or things I should take care when doing the application online. Pls help me.,Irrelevant
3835,Q195_R37,Q195_R49,Companies Hiring. Anybody knew what companies are now hiring in doha?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
3836,Q195_R43,Q195_R49,Applying online for QP jobs. Hello friends; Can someone give me some tips of how to apply for job online from QP website? I have tried for the past one year. But failed to get to any interviews. Pls tell me if there is any special recipe or things I should take care when doing the application online. Pls help me.,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
3837,Q196_R60,Q196_R61,Any idea to get a US visit visa?. hi everyone!  I work here in doha under a gov't sponsorship...i heard that aquiring a US visit visa with this sponsorship will make it all easy. Any truth about this? Thanks ;;;,How to get tourist visa to Singapore in Doha?. Is there any way to get tourist visa to Singapore right here in Doha? As long as I know there is no SNG embassy in Qatar. I am planning to visit SNG in July-August on my own; I mean not with any travel company. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!!!!!!!!!,Irrelevant
3838,Q197_R25,Q197_R28,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
3839,Q197_R25,Q197_R35,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3840,Q197_R25,Q197_R38,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3841,Q197_R25,Q197_R45,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Irrelevant
3842,Q197_R25,Q197_R48,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
3843,Q197_R25,Q197_R51,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3844,Q197_R25,Q197_R61,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3845,Q197_R28,Q197_R35,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Irrelevant
3846,Q197_R28,Q197_R38,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3847,Q197_R28,Q197_R45,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Irrelevant
3848,Q197_R28,Q197_R48,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
3849,Q197_R28,Q197_R51,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3850,Q197_R28,Q197_R61,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3851,Q197_R35,Q197_R38,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
3852,Q197_R35,Q197_R45,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Irrelevant
3853,Q197_R35,Q197_R48,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
3854,Q197_R35,Q197_R51,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3855,Q197_R35,Q197_R61,After school program and summer camp. Can anyone please tell me if there is any after school program and summer camp in Doha? -- for a grade two girl (seven years old).,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3856,Q197_R38,Q197_R45,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Irrelevant
3857,Q197_R38,Q197_R48,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
3858,Q197_R38,Q197_R51,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3859,Q197_R38,Q197_R61,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3860,Q197_R45,Q197_R48,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Irrelevant
3861,Q197_R45,Q197_R51,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3862,Q197_R45,Q197_R61,first step nursery. hello I want to put my three years old daughter in a nearby nursery called first step nursery ; does anyone have his kids go there ? what is it like ? is it safe and clean ? if someone can help please,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3863,Q197_R48,Q197_R51,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Irrelevant
3864,Q197_R48,Q197_R61,new branch for Newton british school??. Anyone aware of this? I see on the Sportscity road (close to Villaggio) a construction site with a banner Newton British school; that recently appeared. Still under construction; but wondering??,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3865,Q197_R51,Q197_R61,Sea Swimming. Hi; Are there areas that are suitable for open water swimming? (i.e. swimming a couple of miles) I'll be moving to the Al Khor region if that's any help.,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
3866,Q198_R36,Q198_R44,Does Vonage work in Qatar?. I am just getting ready to move to Doha this month and am wondering if Qtel has Vonage blocked as they seem to block everything that makes life easier? If anyone could let me know ASAP so i can atleast return this box before i leave and not waste $80 Cheers Aaron,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
3867,Q199_R31,Q199_R36,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,Reporting a lost dog. I just saw a German Shepard running around in Mattar Kadeem;has anyone reported losing their pet?,Irrelevant
3868,Q199_R31,Q199_R56,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,My Neighbors Dog. My neighbors leave their dog tied up outside all day and it's apparently schizophrenic cuz it stares into the woods and barks at leaves. It wouldn't be so bad if it occasionally shut up; but I clocked it one day; 5.5 hours straight. I'm losing my mind listening to this retarded beast. I get off work and I'd like to relax; but no; I get to hear barking for 5 hours. I need a clandestine way to make the dog stop barking. Suggestions?,Irrelevant
3869,Q199_R31,Q199_R90,Pet Shops?. Where in Doha can I find a pet shop? How many pet shops are there? Any specific one that you&#39;d recommend? Thanks in advance ,where can I buy a chihuahua puppy or small dog in doha?. ,Irrelevant
3870,Q199_R36,Q199_R56,Reporting a lost dog. I just saw a German Shepard running around in Mattar Kadeem;has anyone reported losing their pet?,My Neighbors Dog. My neighbors leave their dog tied up outside all day and it's apparently schizophrenic cuz it stares into the woods and barks at leaves. It wouldn't be so bad if it occasionally shut up; but I clocked it one day; 5.5 hours straight. I'm losing my mind listening to this retarded beast. I get off work and I'd like to relax; but no; I get to hear barking for 5 hours. I need a clandestine way to make the dog stop barking. Suggestions?,Irrelevant
3871,Q199_R36,Q199_R90,Reporting a lost dog. I just saw a German Shepard running around in Mattar Kadeem;has anyone reported losing their pet?,where can I buy a chihuahua puppy or small dog in doha?. ,Irrelevant
3872,Q199_R56,Q199_R90,My Neighbors Dog. My neighbors leave their dog tied up outside all day and it's apparently schizophrenic cuz it stares into the woods and barks at leaves. It wouldn't be so bad if it occasionally shut up; but I clocked it one day; 5.5 hours straight. I'm losing my mind listening to this retarded beast. I get off work and I'd like to relax; but no; I get to hear barking for 5 hours. I need a clandestine way to make the dog stop barking. Suggestions?,where can I buy a chihuahua puppy or small dog in doha?. ,Irrelevant
3873,Q200_R16,Q200_R18,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,Irrelevant
3874,Q200_R16,Q200_R25,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,Irrelevant
3875,Q200_R16,Q200_R28,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,Irrelevant
3876,Q200_R16,Q200_R32,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
3877,Q200_R16,Q200_R35,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,Irrelevant
3878,Q200_R16,Q200_R39,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3879,Q200_R18,Q200_R25,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,Irrelevant
3880,Q200_R18,Q200_R28,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,Irrelevant
3881,Q200_R18,Q200_R32,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
3882,Q200_R18,Q200_R35,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,Irrelevant
3883,Q200_R18,Q200_R39,Car Wash help Please!!. Good morning everybody..hows your sleep? after my conversation with my GF yesterday. I decided to do car Shampoo to my jeep; it's dirty inside weeww...   I live in Al hilal Area; anyone know where can i do shampoo for the car? Please help me..i need it before summer..it's stink of cat pisss   Thanks guys  ,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3884,Q200_R25,Q200_R28,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,Irrelevant
3885,Q200_R25,Q200_R32,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
3886,Q200_R25,Q200_R35,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,Irrelevant
3887,Q200_R25,Q200_R39,Swiss Joke. "Why does the sun never set on the British Empire" - ? Because God did not trust the British in the dark.,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3888,Q200_R28,Q200_R32,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
3889,Q200_R28,Q200_R35,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,Irrelevant
3890,Q200_R28,Q200_R39,Curiosity and the cat: a fabrication. Everyone says curiosity killed the cat. When will people admit that it's stupidity that killed the cat and curiosity was only framed? Great minds already know this to be true but when will it manifest itself to the more common minds? Just something to ponder upon amidst the daily struggles with the culture of the stupid.,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3891,Q200_R32,Q200_R35,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,Irrelevant
3892,Q200_R32,Q200_R39,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3893,Q200_R35,Q200_R39,How to get rid of rats and cocroaches?.... let me know what to buy and from where to buy the things to get of rats and cocroaches..( piff paf...is not that enuf) thanks,How to catch rat in home?. Can any one suggest me how to catch rat which is disturbing my house? I already tried with the glue which is available in market but unsuccessful. Have any one of you tried and succeeded? [mod note: Guideline #5 - Stay on topic and do not hijack threads or post off-topic comments. Start a new forum topic or send a private message if you are in doubt. The user has a problem. If you don't have a sensible answer; don't post!],Irrelevant
3894,Q201_R7,Q201_R23,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Irrelevant
3895,Q201_R7,Q201_R26,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,Irrelevant
3896,Q201_R7,Q201_R27,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
3897,Q201_R7,Q201_R29,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Irrelevant
3898,Q201_R7,Q201_R31,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
3899,Q201_R7,Q201_R35,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3900,Q201_R7,Q201_R41,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3901,Q201_R7,Q201_R46,QR1;500/month Car Rental???. G'day all; A mate of mine was renting a car for QR1;500/month !!!; just wondering if any one knows or has a contact for such? Unfortunately my mate left last month and I lost his email address in between; hence I am unable to ask him direct. Cheers; Don,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3902,Q201_R23,Q201_R26,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,Irrelevant
3903,Q201_R23,Q201_R27,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
3904,Q201_R23,Q201_R29,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Irrelevant
3905,Q201_R23,Q201_R31,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
3906,Q201_R23,Q201_R35,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3907,Q201_R23,Q201_R41,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3908,Q201_R23,Q201_R46,What happens if I break my lease in Doha?. My lease in my current place ends in December; but frankly I'm sick of paying for my overpriced rent while all around me prices are dropping. I wonder if everyone knows what the legal repercutions are of skipping out on my lease?,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3909,Q201_R26,Q201_R27,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
3910,Q201_R26,Q201_R29,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Irrelevant
3911,Q201_R26,Q201_R31,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
3912,Q201_R26,Q201_R35,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3913,Q201_R26,Q201_R41,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3914,Q201_R26,Q201_R46,Salary vs Cost of Living Doha. Family with 2 kids (9 & 5 years old) - both school going Salary package of 20K (with no other benefit) Is it a good deal?,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3915,Q201_R27,Q201_R29,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Irrelevant
3916,Q201_R27,Q201_R31,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
3917,Q201_R27,Q201_R35,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3918,Q201_R27,Q201_R41,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3919,Q201_R27,Q201_R46,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3920,Q201_R29,Q201_R31,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Irrelevant
3921,Q201_R29,Q201_R35,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3922,Q201_R29,Q201_R41,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3923,Q201_R29,Q201_R46,Why to DSLR cams cost more in Qatar ?. i see that the prices are higher in Qatar on DSLR cams ? why is it? can any one suggest how i can by cheaper online. i dont have any experience buying things online. so i need advices :),Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3924,Q201_R31,Q201_R35,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
3925,Q201_R31,Q201_R41,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3926,Q201_R31,Q201_R46,How much traffic violation fine u have paid??. Hello QLers; Recently one of my colleague paid 6000 QAR for red light crossing. Which is his one month salary approx. I heard from many that on an average Traffic violation fine is around 1000 QAR per person per year. In my 6 months driving in Qatar; i m still lucky not to have paid any fine. Share abt ur fine if u dont mind.,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3927,Q201_R35,Q201_R41,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Irrelevant
3928,Q201_R35,Q201_R46,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3929,Q201_R41,Q201_R46,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,Degree Attestation: Urogulf or Helpline?. Have you used Helpline or Urogulf to get your degree attested? Has anyone used them to get their degree attested from the US? What was that experience like? Did they help you? Rip you off?,Irrelevant
3930,Q203_R19,Q203_R35,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
3931,Q203_R19,Q203_R37,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
3932,Q203_R19,Q203_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,need advice pls.. i am the legal wife here in the philippines.for 4 years;i am hoping that my hubby will get me and my kids there but it will not happen anymore.she has a mistress who resign from hamad sometime in 2005 since she gave birth.He is planning to get her and they will be the legal family in qatar.what will i do?,Irrelevant
3933,Q203_R19,Q203_R43,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3934,Q203_R19,Q203_R49,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
3935,Q203_R35,Q203_R37,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
3936,Q203_R35,Q203_R39,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,need advice pls.. i am the legal wife here in the philippines.for 4 years;i am hoping that my hubby will get me and my kids there but it will not happen anymore.she has a mistress who resign from hamad sometime in 2005 since she gave birth.He is planning to get her and they will be the legal family in qatar.what will i do?,Irrelevant
3937,Q203_R35,Q203_R43,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3938,Q203_R35,Q203_R49,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
3939,Q203_R37,Q203_R39,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,need advice pls.. i am the legal wife here in the philippines.for 4 years;i am hoping that my hubby will get me and my kids there but it will not happen anymore.she has a mistress who resign from hamad sometime in 2005 since she gave birth.He is planning to get her and they will be the legal family in qatar.what will i do?,Irrelevant
3940,Q203_R37,Q203_R43,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3941,Q203_R37,Q203_R49,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
3942,Q203_R39,Q203_R43,need advice pls.. i am the legal wife here in the philippines.for 4 years;i am hoping that my hubby will get me and my kids there but it will not happen anymore.she has a mistress who resign from hamad sometime in 2005 since she gave birth.He is planning to get her and they will be the legal family in qatar.what will i do?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
3943,Q203_R39,Q203_R49,need advice pls.. i am the legal wife here in the philippines.for 4 years;i am hoping that my hubby will get me and my kids there but it will not happen anymore.she has a mistress who resign from hamad sometime in 2005 since she gave birth.He is planning to get her and they will be the legal family in qatar.what will i do?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
3944,Q203_R43,Q203_R49,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
3945,Q204_R37,Q204_R46,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
3946,Q204_R37,Q204_R59,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Irrelevant
3947,Q204_R46,Q204_R59,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Irrelevant
3948,Q205_R30,Q205_R35,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Irrelevant
3949,Q205_R30,Q205_R52,Parkhouse School - Review. Hiya; Does anyone have any kids in Parkhouse school that could give me a real good insight with regards to the teaching standards; etc please. Would the kids fit back into the UK system if they were to go back to UK? (sometime; lol) Any other comments appreciated. Thanks.,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
3950,Q205_R35,Q205_R52,birla pubic schoolv/s doha modern indian school. Dear QL members; Good morning!! I have just moved in from Dubai and want to admit my child for grade 4 under cbse syllabi. Am not sure if birla is  good  or doha modern indian school?? Would be grateful if u members; with your kids in either school give me feed back  on this. And  the admissions are easily done ; I hope!! thanks for ur responses in advance.,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
3951,Q206_R6,Q206_R16,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
3952,Q206_R6,Q206_R17,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Irrelevant
3953,Q206_R6,Q206_R27,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,Irrelevant
3954,Q206_R6,Q206_R30,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,Irrelevant
3955,Q206_R6,Q206_R36,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,Irrelevant
3956,Q206_R6,Q206_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3957,Q206_R6,Q206_R41,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3958,Q206_R6,Q206_R43,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3959,Q206_R6,Q206_R45,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3960,Q206_R16,Q206_R17,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,Irrelevant
3961,Q206_R16,Q206_R27,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,Irrelevant
3962,Q206_R16,Q206_R30,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,Irrelevant
3963,Q206_R16,Q206_R36,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,Irrelevant
3964,Q206_R16,Q206_R39,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3965,Q206_R16,Q206_R41,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3966,Q206_R16,Q206_R43,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3967,Q206_R16,Q206_R45,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3968,Q206_R17,Q206_R27,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,Irrelevant
3969,Q206_R17,Q206_R30,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,Irrelevant
3970,Q206_R17,Q206_R36,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,Irrelevant
3971,Q206_R17,Q206_R39,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3972,Q206_R17,Q206_R41,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3973,Q206_R17,Q206_R43,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3974,Q206_R17,Q206_R45,What if Staff Don't Sign Warning Letter?. What happens if a sponsored employee refuses to sign a justified warning letter? What can the sponsoring employer do? PS: No time-waters' responses from uneducated QL members please.,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3975,Q206_R27,Q206_R30,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,Irrelevant
3976,Q206_R27,Q206_R36,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,Irrelevant
3977,Q206_R27,Q206_R39,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3978,Q206_R27,Q206_R41,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3979,Q206_R27,Q206_R43,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3980,Q206_R27,Q206_R45,what if all of them is HH hamad?. i have been livin' here for almost two years;every thing is wow;cool ;quit amazing.....thank u Qatar .... the authorities of this country is like some one decorating his own house every day and doin his best for it ....wow .... and i was askin my self a question ;what if all of them is HH hamad ?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3981,Q206_R30,Q206_R36,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,Irrelevant
3982,Q206_R30,Q206_R39,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3983,Q206_R30,Q206_R41,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3984,Q206_R30,Q206_R43,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3985,Q206_R30,Q206_R45,What if people never lied?. What if people never lied? Then bad things & peoples wouldn't have begun; right? Now-a-days; we see that Bad people are bad rooting from their lies. And a true good person never lies. But what if nobody lied? Then would everybody be good? Or would even then the Bad & The Good could be separated? It's in our genes from the people behind us. But if we teach the next generation that there is no such thing as a "lie"; what would happen?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3986,Q206_R36,Q206_R39,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,Irrelevant
3987,Q206_R36,Q206_R41,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3988,Q206_R36,Q206_R43,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3989,Q206_R36,Q206_R45,what if you are requested to learn Arabic?. To the best of my knowledge; you need to learn the language of any country in the western world if you want to work or survive. Health care workers in Germany are requested to learn German; and French in France...etc Will you still come here if you are requested to learn Arabic?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3990,Q206_R39,Q206_R41,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,Irrelevant
3991,Q206_R39,Q206_R43,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3992,Q206_R39,Q206_R45,What if. If you meet God in person; What would you ask If you have just one question?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3993,Q206_R41,Q206_R43,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,Irrelevant
3994,Q206_R41,Q206_R45,What if Qatarliving.com did not exists?. What if Qatarliving.com did not exists? Where are we now? Good to have one like this... Any other forum like this?,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3995,Q206_R43,Q206_R45,What If...???. What if we didn't accept our current jobs?? what if we didn't break up with our first love?? what if we didn't buy that car? what if we accepted the job offer?? What if; etc....?? Don't you think what if; and say; you should have done that instead of that??,What if?. What if you had time machine and you could be transported to any time; the past or the future. What time would you choose?,Irrelevant
3996,Q207_R46,Q207_R50,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,Irrelevant
3997,Q207_R46,Q207_R57,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
3998,Q207_R46,Q207_R61,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
3999,Q207_R46,Q207_R67,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Irrelevant
4000,Q207_R46,Q207_R82,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
4001,Q207_R46,Q207_R83,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4002,Q207_R46,Q207_R94,Doha vs Dubai. How does living costs; quality of life; etc (everything in general... lol) ... compare?,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4003,Q207_R50,Q207_R57,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
4004,Q207_R50,Q207_R61,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
4005,Q207_R50,Q207_R67,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Irrelevant
4006,Q207_R50,Q207_R82,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
4007,Q207_R50,Q207_R83,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4008,Q207_R50,Q207_R94,Anyone from Qatar Petroleum?ID found pls help. Driving licence; ID; health card and some other documents been found yesterday in Russia; Saint-Petersburg. Owner is not answering at Facebook so far; so if anyone could help me contact that poor guy it would be really nice. I assume he is still in Russia. Does anyone know any mobile phone number of QP HR or travel department; who may know where that guy stay in Russia or how to contact him? Or may be you know this guy so you can contact him.,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4009,Q207_R57,Q207_R61,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Irrelevant
4010,Q207_R57,Q207_R67,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Irrelevant
4011,Q207_R57,Q207_R82,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
4012,Q207_R57,Q207_R83,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4013,Q207_R57,Q207_R94,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4014,Q207_R61,Q207_R67,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Irrelevant
4015,Q207_R61,Q207_R82,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
4016,Q207_R61,Q207_R83,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4017,Q207_R61,Q207_R94,How do I get my girlfriend into Qatar?. Hi Everyone; I'm currently negotiating a position - I have been told they will only include my partner in the package if we are married. (This isn't an option at this stage) I would like her to have the option to be able to live with me in Doha. Whether its permanent or not is another issue. Any advice on how I can make this happen? Appreciate all your help.,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4018,Q207_R67,Q207_R82,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
4019,Q207_R67,Q207_R83,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4020,Q207_R67,Q207_R94,Most beatiful girls in the world...... Which part of the world has most beautiful girls. i heard somewhere Lebanese and Egyptians are most beautiful......is it true??,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4021,Q207_R82,Q207_R83,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4022,Q207_R82,Q207_R94,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4023,Q207_R83,Q207_R94,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia. Russia deploys nukes to South Ossetia http://freeandindependent.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/russians-move-2-ss-21-medium-range-ballistic-missile-launchers-into-south-ossetia/ Now for the drum roll U.S. (military) to take control of Georgian ports: Saakashvili http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSLD49893320080813?feedType=RSS&feedName=politicsNews Yeaaaa somehow this doesn't seem like a good idea.,Irrelevant
4024,Q208_R17,Q208_R20,Computer Softwares. Hey. We all know where to get the pirated dvd's and cd's in Doha. Anyone knows where to get the pirated PC Softwares; like Windows Vista ; Office 2007; etc?,What is the fastest way to download free movies from the web?. ,Irrelevant
4025,Q208_R17,Q208_R30,Computer Softwares. Hey. We all know where to get the pirated dvd's and cd's in Doha. Anyone knows where to get the pirated PC Softwares; like Windows Vista ; Office 2007; etc?,Pirated DVD Movies. Hi to all! I just want to ask if the pirated DVD movies is allowed here in Qatar?Because I know one video shop producing copy of some DVD movies; they are selling around QR.10 each copy..Im concern citizen only here in doha; I just want to stop this illegal business. Where can i tell this to closed that video shop..Thanks,Irrelevant
4026,Q208_R20,Q208_R30,What is the fastest way to download free movies from the web?. ,Pirated DVD Movies. Hi to all! I just want to ask if the pirated DVD movies is allowed here in Qatar?Because I know one video shop producing copy of some DVD movies; they are selling around QR.10 each copy..Im concern citizen only here in doha; I just want to stop this illegal business. Where can i tell this to closed that video shop..Thanks,Irrelevant
4027,Q209_R14,Q209_R16,How do I get my driving license at 17 years/old?. Hey guys ; I was wondering how i could get my driving license when i'm 17 because some of my friends started driving and got their licenses when they were 17 without any problems. Thank you,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Irrelevant
4028,Q209_R14,Q209_R25,How do I get my driving license at 17 years/old?. Hey guys ; I was wondering how i could get my driving license when i'm 17 because some of my friends started driving and got their licenses when they were 17 without any problems. Thank you,Inland Sea. Can you tell me if there is somewhere at the inland sea where I could visit without a 4x4? We have a good new car (Acadia) but it isn't 4 wheel drive so certainly won't be driving over any dunes!!! Just wandering if there is somewhere there that can be accessed without a mountain of dunes! Thanks in advance Ellie x,Irrelevant
4029,Q209_R14,Q209_R33,How do I get my driving license at 17 years/old?. Hey guys ; I was wondering how i could get my driving license when i'm 17 because some of my friends started driving and got their licenses when they were 17 without any problems. Thank you,Dear God..I want a car.... Why is getting a car so difficult nowadays? Qatar Living ads dont look as good as before.. My husband got a Prado for 100;000 QAR with just 3000 kms driven..I see the same price on cars having driven more than 50;000 kms. Are there any other ways to find a good; second hand car?,Irrelevant
4030,Q209_R14,Q209_R36,How do I get my driving license at 17 years/old?. Hey guys ; I was wondering how i could get my driving license when i'm 17 because some of my friends started driving and got their licenses when they were 17 without any problems. Thank you,Vehicle maintenance. What do we need to do for vehicle maintenance? Routine check ups and parts replacement;etc. Any tips?,Irrelevant
4031,Q209_R14,Q209_R41,How do I get my driving license at 17 years/old?. Hey guys ; I was wondering how i could get my driving license when i'm 17 because some of my friends started driving and got their licenses when they were 17 without any problems. Thank you,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
4032,Q209_R16,Q209_R25,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Inland Sea. Can you tell me if there is somewhere at the inland sea where I could visit without a 4x4? We have a good new car (Acadia) but it isn't 4 wheel drive so certainly won't be driving over any dunes!!! Just wandering if there is somewhere there that can be accessed without a mountain of dunes! Thanks in advance Ellie x,Irrelevant
4033,Q209_R16,Q209_R33,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Dear God..I want a car.... Why is getting a car so difficult nowadays? Qatar Living ads dont look as good as before.. My husband got a Prado for 100;000 QAR with just 3000 kms driven..I see the same price on cars having driven more than 50;000 kms. Are there any other ways to find a good; second hand car?,Irrelevant
4034,Q209_R16,Q209_R36,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Vehicle maintenance. What do we need to do for vehicle maintenance? Routine check ups and parts replacement;etc. Any tips?,Irrelevant
4035,Q209_R16,Q209_R41,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
4036,Q209_R25,Q209_R33,Inland Sea. Can you tell me if there is somewhere at the inland sea where I could visit without a 4x4? We have a good new car (Acadia) but it isn't 4 wheel drive so certainly won't be driving over any dunes!!! Just wandering if there is somewhere there that can be accessed without a mountain of dunes! Thanks in advance Ellie x,Dear God..I want a car.... Why is getting a car so difficult nowadays? Qatar Living ads dont look as good as before.. My husband got a Prado for 100;000 QAR with just 3000 kms driven..I see the same price on cars having driven more than 50;000 kms. Are there any other ways to find a good; second hand car?,Irrelevant
4037,Q209_R25,Q209_R36,Inland Sea. Can you tell me if there is somewhere at the inland sea where I could visit without a 4x4? We have a good new car (Acadia) but it isn't 4 wheel drive so certainly won't be driving over any dunes!!! Just wandering if there is somewhere there that can be accessed without a mountain of dunes! Thanks in advance Ellie x,Vehicle maintenance. What do we need to do for vehicle maintenance? Routine check ups and parts replacement;etc. Any tips?,Irrelevant
4038,Q209_R25,Q209_R41,Inland Sea. Can you tell me if there is somewhere at the inland sea where I could visit without a 4x4? We have a good new car (Acadia) but it isn't 4 wheel drive so certainly won't be driving over any dunes!!! Just wandering if there is somewhere there that can be accessed without a mountain of dunes! Thanks in advance Ellie x,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
4039,Q209_R33,Q209_R36,Dear God..I want a car.... Why is getting a car so difficult nowadays? Qatar Living ads dont look as good as before.. My husband got a Prado for 100;000 QAR with just 3000 kms driven..I see the same price on cars having driven more than 50;000 kms. Are there any other ways to find a good; second hand car?,Vehicle maintenance. What do we need to do for vehicle maintenance? Routine check ups and parts replacement;etc. Any tips?,Irrelevant
4040,Q209_R33,Q209_R41,Dear God..I want a car.... Why is getting a car so difficult nowadays? Qatar Living ads dont look as good as before.. My husband got a Prado for 100;000 QAR with just 3000 kms driven..I see the same price on cars having driven more than 50;000 kms. Are there any other ways to find a good; second hand car?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
4041,Q209_R36,Q209_R41,Vehicle maintenance. What do we need to do for vehicle maintenance? Routine check ups and parts replacement;etc. Any tips?,drink driving. Has anyone been caught drink driving here? I got caught last week; just wondering what penalty i can expect. Hoping for just a fine but wondering if anyone has had worse punishment. Also can you leave the cuntry (spelt on purpose by the way!) whilst still awaiting ur trial? Cheers.,Irrelevant
4042,Q210_R14,Q210_R15,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,Irrelevant
4043,Q210_R14,Q210_R16,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,Irrelevant
4044,Q210_R14,Q210_R23,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,Irrelevant
4045,Q210_R14,Q210_R33,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4046,Q210_R14,Q210_R36,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,Irrelevant
4047,Q210_R14,Q210_R41,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4048,Q210_R14,Q210_R56,Thank God She's Pretty. "I made a mistake;" Miss Teen South Carolina Lauren Caitlin Upton says of her incoherent response to a question in the Miss Teen USA pageant last week. The 'Today' show gives her a second chance to get it right; and News Blogger Mo Rocca poses a challenge: Take her words and rearrange them to make sense. http://news.aol.com/entertainment/story/ar/_a/teen-beauty-queen-defends-on-air-goof/20070828084409990001?ncid=NWS00010000000001,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4049,Q210_R15,Q210_R16,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,Irrelevant
4050,Q210_R15,Q210_R23,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,Irrelevant
4051,Q210_R15,Q210_R33,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4052,Q210_R15,Q210_R36,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,Irrelevant
4053,Q210_R15,Q210_R41,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4054,Q210_R15,Q210_R56,HOW CAN I FIND A CERTAIN PERSON IN QATAR??. I need to find a polish lady called Dorothy around 30 years old...and this is all I know about her. Her mother urgently needs to find her...and accidentally phoned me. Does anyone know a way to trace her??,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4055,Q210_R16,Q210_R23,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,Irrelevant
4056,Q210_R16,Q210_R33,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4057,Q210_R16,Q210_R36,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,Irrelevant
4058,Q210_R16,Q210_R41,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4059,Q210_R16,Q210_R56,is it ok?. hi QLers; please advice. my friends' boyfriend came to visit here in qatar around 2 months ago. now my friend is worried she had a positive pregnancy test but might be having a miscarriage. She had spotting and severe abdominal pain. Can she go to a gynecologist for check up? Would she be questioned why she's pregnant when she's not married? Please advice. thanks.,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4060,Q210_R23,Q210_R33,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4061,Q210_R23,Q210_R36,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,Irrelevant
4062,Q210_R23,Q210_R41,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4063,Q210_R23,Q210_R56,Runaway maid; how to get pasport and NOC. Hi Guys; I am trying to help someone here. If a maid runs away from her agency; (I found out from the agency that they handed over the passport to the CID) is there anything she can do to get the passport back somehow and get a NOC to start working ? I'm afraid it might be mission impossible but any suggestions ?,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4064,Q210_R33,Q210_R36,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,Irrelevant
4065,Q210_R33,Q210_R41,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4066,Q210_R33,Q210_R56,Public Holiday for live out housemaid. Hi; I hope somebody can gimme some advice... If I hire a live out housemaid who comes to my house every sun-thu for about 8 hours a day & paid a fixed monthly income; does she entitled off days on public holidays? Meaning if the public holidays fall on either day on sun-thu? Thanks!,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4067,Q210_R36,Q210_R41,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,Irrelevant
4068,Q210_R36,Q210_R56,Run away house maid. My dear house help run away with her boyfriend. What are the legal formalities in this event? Should i report it to the police the same day she runaway? I tried to tell her that ill give her release so she can get married atleast; but maybe shes too scared ill send her right away to jail and so she chooses to run away. Right now; I just want to abide by the law and go on with my life.,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4069,Q210_R41,Q210_R56,What kind of woman is this?. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/worldnews/article-1311307/Baby-born-Gulf-Air-flight-toilet-bin-jet-cleaners.html,HOW CAN I USE "INTERM" IN A SENTENCE..?? GIVE AT LEAST 3 EXAMPLES...THANKS IN ADVANCE...!!. ,Irrelevant
4070,Q211_R2,Q211_R3,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Irrelevant
4071,Q211_R2,Q211_R4,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
4072,Q211_R2,Q211_R6,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Irrelevant
4073,Q211_R2,Q211_R9,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Irrelevant
4074,Q211_R2,Q211_R18,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Irrelevant
4075,Q211_R2,Q211_R22,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4076,Q211_R2,Q211_R23,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4077,Q211_R2,Q211_R30,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4078,Q211_R2,Q211_R35,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4079,Q211_R3,Q211_R4,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
4080,Q211_R3,Q211_R6,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Irrelevant
4081,Q211_R3,Q211_R9,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Irrelevant
4082,Q211_R3,Q211_R18,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Irrelevant
4083,Q211_R3,Q211_R22,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4084,Q211_R3,Q211_R23,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4085,Q211_R3,Q211_R30,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4086,Q211_R3,Q211_R35,New Dress Rules?. Not sure if this is the right section of site to post in... but...have just seen this thread on Expatwoman http://www.expatwoman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=69168 and want to know what rules are these? are they new? How bloody daft are they considering nightclubs etc; should I buy an abaya next time I want a nice dinner at 'W's??? Thanks,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4087,Q211_R4,Q211_R6,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Irrelevant
4088,Q211_R4,Q211_R9,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Irrelevant
4089,Q211_R4,Q211_R18,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Irrelevant
4090,Q211_R4,Q211_R22,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4091,Q211_R4,Q211_R23,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4092,Q211_R4,Q211_R30,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4093,Q211_R4,Q211_R35,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4094,Q211_R6,Q211_R9,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Irrelevant
4095,Q211_R6,Q211_R18,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Irrelevant
4096,Q211_R6,Q211_R22,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4097,Q211_R6,Q211_R23,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4098,Q211_R6,Q211_R30,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4099,Q211_R6,Q211_R35,What do you want in a nightclub?. Hi Guys; I'm just doing a bit of research and I'd like to find out your opinions on some of the nightclubs here in Doha. Which one's do you think are the best? Why? Which one's are the worst? Why? And what kind of night club would you like to see open in Doha? Cheers. :),HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4100,Q211_R9,Q211_R18,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Irrelevant
4101,Q211_R9,Q211_R22,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4102,Q211_R9,Q211_R23,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4103,Q211_R9,Q211_R30,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4104,Q211_R9,Q211_R35,packing and confused. o.k. i am frustrated and need some seasoned advice. What are the most important things I should pack in luggage?  I don't know if i can even wear half of the clothes i have here in Florida.  Suggestions?  I am packing right now and it is 2:45 a.m.    HELP! did i say i need assistance......,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4105,Q211_R18,Q211_R22,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4106,Q211_R18,Q211_R23,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4107,Q211_R18,Q211_R30,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4108,Q211_R18,Q211_R35,Superman; Spiderman; Batman; Hancock; Ironman. Who according to you is the greatest superhero and why ??,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4109,Q211_R22,Q211_R23,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Irrelevant
4110,Q211_R22,Q211_R30,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4111,Q211_R22,Q211_R35,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4112,Q211_R23,Q211_R30,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
4113,Q211_R23,Q211_R35,Why they are dressing like that?. Why most of the European women are not properly dressing? Are they feeling some sort of satisfaction to express themselves? It is also imitated by Asians nowadays.. Only for your comments pls..,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4114,Q211_R30,Q211_R35,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4115,Q212_R11,Q212_R18,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Irrelevant
4116,Q212_R11,Q212_R22,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
4117,Q212_R11,Q212_R27,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
4118,Q212_R11,Q212_R37,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
4119,Q212_R11,Q212_R40,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
4120,Q212_R11,Q212_R49,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4121,Q212_R11,Q212_R52,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4122,Q212_R11,Q212_R53,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4123,Q212_R18,Q212_R22,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Irrelevant
4124,Q212_R18,Q212_R27,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
4125,Q212_R18,Q212_R37,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
4126,Q212_R18,Q212_R40,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
4127,Q212_R18,Q212_R49,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4128,Q212_R18,Q212_R52,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4129,Q212_R18,Q212_R53,qatar vs bahrain. anyone lived in both places? can anyone give me objective pros and cons for each? thanks.,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4130,Q212_R22,Q212_R27,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
4131,Q212_R22,Q212_R37,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
4132,Q212_R22,Q212_R40,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
4133,Q212_R22,Q212_R49,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4134,Q212_R22,Q212_R52,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4135,Q212_R22,Q212_R53,Apple shop?. does anyone have the name/addressand number of the apple reseller here in doha? as ive got to get some kit soon M,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4136,Q212_R27,Q212_R37,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
4137,Q212_R27,Q212_R40,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
4138,Q212_R27,Q212_R49,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4139,Q212_R27,Q212_R52,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4140,Q212_R27,Q212_R53,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4141,Q212_R37,Q212_R40,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Irrelevant
4142,Q212_R37,Q212_R49,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4143,Q212_R37,Q212_R52,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4144,Q212_R37,Q212_R53,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4145,Q212_R40,Q212_R49,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Irrelevant
4146,Q212_R40,Q212_R52,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4147,Q212_R40,Q212_R53,Any Singaporeans in Doha?. Hiya! My husband and I will be relocating to Doha before the end of the year from Singapore. Would be great to meet up with fellow singaporeans or anyone who would like to meet up with us (fellow newbies or folks who have been in Doha for a while). We are looking for a place to stay too; either an apartment or villa. We can't wait to get there!,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4148,Q212_R49,Q212_R52,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Irrelevant
4149,Q212_R49,Q212_R53,business opportunities in Qatar. hi every one;please help me put in finding some business oppurtunities in Qatar. jus let me know what business Qatar is lacking?that you find missing from other GCC countries... any scope for new business or new style of doing the existing business. or the changes you expect in the current Qatar Market...,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4150,Q212_R52,Q212_R53,WANT TO BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE PLS ADVISE. WANT 2 BUY A NEW MOBILE PHONE WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY 3G SPEED INTERNET AND OTHER FUTURES. IS NOKIA OR APPLE 3G WHICH 1 IS THE BEST? WELCOME THE SUGGESTIONS. BUDGET IS QR 3000,Lebanese in Doha. this is a "get together" virtual place for fellow lebanese living in Doha.....I will start with myself: I am a lebanese-canadian. Currently I am working in Toronto as a professional enginner in the planning sector. I will be relocating with my familty to Doha this year.. any thoughts ?????,Irrelevant
4151,Q213_R3,Q213_R6,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,Irrelevant
4152,Q213_R3,Q213_R9,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,Irrelevant
4153,Q213_R3,Q213_R11,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,Irrelevant
4154,Q213_R3,Q213_R14,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,Irrelevant
4155,Q213_R3,Q213_R29,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,Irrelevant
4156,Q213_R3,Q213_R30,What do u love abotu Qatar?. I love the beaches; I love dune buggies on the sand dunes; I love the souqs; I love the villagio; lol; and I love in general love the weather (yes; I know that is crazy) lol,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4157,Q213_R6,Q213_R9,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,Irrelevant
4158,Q213_R6,Q213_R11,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,Irrelevant
4159,Q213_R6,Q213_R14,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,Irrelevant
4160,Q213_R6,Q213_R29,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,Irrelevant
4161,Q213_R6,Q213_R30,Do you own a pet?. what do you prefer Dogs or cats? I am not so fond of animals inside my house but my son is crazy about pets.. I have a parrot; Dog (fostering) an aquarium full of fishes. I like cats; but Dogs..I don’t like them licking me or coming near me. But most people I know love Dogs. Why do some people like Dogs and others like cats?,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4162,Q213_R9,Q213_R11,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,Irrelevant
4163,Q213_R9,Q213_R14,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,Irrelevant
4164,Q213_R9,Q213_R29,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,Irrelevant
4165,Q213_R9,Q213_R30,Pet rules. what are the pet rules in qatar? I mean can we take our pets out in the city or in the car?,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4166,Q213_R11,Q213_R14,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,Irrelevant
4167,Q213_R11,Q213_R29,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,Irrelevant
4168,Q213_R11,Q213_R30,BODY ODOUR. I think the Shopping Malls in Qatar are carefully designed and allow families to have sometime together away from the scorching sun. However; it appears the body odour emanating from some of the people you meet in these Malls is really awful. Is it because those people don't bath well and/or frequently or is it due to the weather conditions? Ewww...,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4169,Q213_R14,Q213_R29,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,Irrelevant
4170,Q213_R14,Q213_R30,Why can't more women be like calleigh ?. She's smart; can cook and loves weapons. Today; she helped a pregnant widow by helping her claim lost money.. Come on ladies - There's your role model..,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4171,Q213_R29,Q213_R30,restless state of mind. end of a working week; chilled out; had a swim had a few beers (indoors of course) went out; bought some clothes came back;im tired but dont want to sleep; i alert enough to go out but no where to go; usually always have something to do; but 2 night however i am restless... frustration is starting to annoy me as much as the rattle of the air con unit im sat beside; any suggestion how to ease my mind or cure my boredom?,MARRIAGE WITH A QATARIAN LADY. I m a muslim from TURKEY. CAN I MARRY with a Qatarian LAdy. Is it legal ? I know ladies are respected in this country. Look at the traffic signals for pedesterian cross..What about their consent then? If they really want to marry.. would they be hanged? sorry for my language.. regards,Irrelevant
4172,Q214_R5,Q214_R18,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,Family Visa Application submission. Dear QL friends; I am planning to submitt application for family RP this month. I am civil engineer with 10;500 salary and accomodation provided by the company. It is required to submitt the tenancy contract with the application? Because my accomodation is provided by the company and it is clearly mentioned in the employment contract. The accomodation is in company's name.Please help me in this issue.,Irrelevant
4173,Q214_R5,Q214_R59,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
4174,Q214_R5,Q214_R67,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
4175,Q214_R5,Q214_R92,Family Residence Visa Application Rejected. My Family Residence Visa Application Rejected and got a schedule to meet committee after one month. In the meantime Can I apply for visit visa for my family?,Newborn Visa. Hi guys; Just wanna ask about visa of a new born baby. We will be having a baby this February 2015. My concerns are: 1. My salary is only Qr. 5;000 and my wife is only Qr. 3;500. 2. We are both under different company sponsoship. ...is it possible that either of us can sponsor our baby?,Irrelevant
4176,Q214_R18,Q214_R59,Family Visa Application submission. Dear QL friends; I am planning to submitt application for family RP this month. I am civil engineer with 10;500 salary and accomodation provided by the company. It is required to submitt the tenancy contract with the application? Because my accomodation is provided by the company and it is clearly mentioned in the employment contract. The accomodation is in company's name.Please help me in this issue.,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Irrelevant
4177,Q214_R18,Q214_R67,Family Visa Application submission. Dear QL friends; I am planning to submitt application for family RP this month. I am civil engineer with 10;500 salary and accomodation provided by the company. It is required to submitt the tenancy contract with the application? Because my accomodation is provided by the company and it is clearly mentioned in the employment contract. The accomodation is in company's name.Please help me in this issue.,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
4178,Q214_R18,Q214_R92,Family Visa Application submission. Dear QL friends; I am planning to submitt application for family RP this month. I am civil engineer with 10;500 salary and accomodation provided by the company. It is required to submitt the tenancy contract with the application? Because my accomodation is provided by the company and it is clearly mentioned in the employment contract. The accomodation is in company's name.Please help me in this issue.,Newborn Visa. Hi guys; Just wanna ask about visa of a new born baby. We will be having a baby this February 2015. My concerns are: 1. My salary is only Qr. 5;000 and my wife is only Qr. 3;500. 2. We are both under different company sponsoship. ...is it possible that either of us can sponsor our baby?,Irrelevant
4179,Q214_R59,Q214_R67,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Irrelevant
4180,Q214_R59,Q214_R92,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Newborn Visa. Hi guys; Just wanna ask about visa of a new born baby. We will be having a baby this February 2015. My concerns are: 1. My salary is only Qr. 5;000 and my wife is only Qr. 3;500. 2. We are both under different company sponsoship. ...is it possible that either of us can sponsor our baby?,Irrelevant
4181,Q214_R67,Q214_R92,Question about wife's visa. I will be arriving in Doha on the 10th or 11th of December. My wife will be flying in approximately two weeks later and will be staying with me on my sponsorship for the duration of my contract. When she steps off of the plane in Doha; she will have her passport; but I don't know what else she needs in order to stay in the country with me. Can she get some sort of visitor visa or what? I am not sure what to do here. thanks everyone.,Newborn Visa. Hi guys; Just wanna ask about visa of a new born baby. We will be having a baby this February 2015. My concerns are: 1. My salary is only Qr. 5;000 and my wife is only Qr. 3;500. 2. We are both under different company sponsoship. ...is it possible that either of us can sponsor our baby?,Irrelevant
4182,Q215_R56,Q215_R57,Family visit Visa for Lebanese. Hello everyone.i applied for family visit visa 10 days ago. I got the expiry date and it'[s still under process (which is normal nowadays). however; does anyone have any clue if I shall expect it anytime soon or Lebanese are still totally banned? bcz I heard that they started giving visas for Lebanese,Job offer on visit visa. Hay friends; i need help. i came to doha on visit visa in march;i got a joboffer last week.Can anybody tell me how long the process is gonna take for my rp? do i need to exit qatar and re-enter once my company provide me the work visa to start work?My wife and kid are in pakistan; so after how long would i be eligible to apply for my family`s rp. Please help....,Irrelevant
4183,Q215_R56,Q215_R66,Family visit Visa for Lebanese. Hello everyone.i applied for family visit visa 10 days ago. I got the expiry date and it'[s still under process (which is normal nowadays). however; does anyone have any clue if I shall expect it anytime soon or Lebanese are still totally banned? bcz I heard that they started giving visas for Lebanese,requirements to get a job in qatar police?. Hi everyone! I born & raised in dubai; my nationality is pakistan. I am flent in arabic lang;.. I am on visit visa in qatar; is there any way to get selected in police; since im on visit? I will really appreciate ur kind comments..,Irrelevant
4184,Q215_R56,Q215_R75,Family visit Visa for Lebanese. Hello everyone.i applied for family visit visa 10 days ago. I got the expiry date and it'[s still under process (which is normal nowadays). however; does anyone have any clue if I shall expect it anytime soon or Lebanese are still totally banned? bcz I heard that they started giving visas for Lebanese,Visit Visa/Work Visa. Hi Guys; Do U any have idea regarding the procedure of Visas over there in Qatar. If anybody comes in visit visa and search for jobs over there. If any find the job; in that circumstance how the process will be to change the visit visa to working visa. Is it difficult and time consuming. How have to process for the change of visa???? Kindly suggest anybody..Take care,Irrelevant
4185,Q215_R57,Q215_R66,Job offer on visit visa. Hay friends; i need help. i came to doha on visit visa in march;i got a joboffer last week.Can anybody tell me how long the process is gonna take for my rp? do i need to exit qatar and re-enter once my company provide me the work visa to start work?My wife and kid are in pakistan; so after how long would i be eligible to apply for my family`s rp. Please help....,requirements to get a job in qatar police?. Hi everyone! I born & raised in dubai; my nationality is pakistan. I am flent in arabic lang;.. I am on visit visa in qatar; is there any way to get selected in police; since im on visit? I will really appreciate ur kind comments..,Irrelevant
4186,Q215_R57,Q215_R75,Job offer on visit visa. Hay friends; i need help. i came to doha on visit visa in march;i got a joboffer last week.Can anybody tell me how long the process is gonna take for my rp? do i need to exit qatar and re-enter once my company provide me the work visa to start work?My wife and kid are in pakistan; so after how long would i be eligible to apply for my family`s rp. Please help....,Visit Visa/Work Visa. Hi Guys; Do U any have idea regarding the procedure of Visas over there in Qatar. If anybody comes in visit visa and search for jobs over there. If any find the job; in that circumstance how the process will be to change the visit visa to working visa. Is it difficult and time consuming. How have to process for the change of visa???? Kindly suggest anybody..Take care,Irrelevant
4187,Q215_R66,Q215_R75,requirements to get a job in qatar police?. Hi everyone! I born & raised in dubai; my nationality is pakistan. I am flent in arabic lang;.. I am on visit visa in qatar; is there any way to get selected in police; since im on visit? I will really appreciate ur kind comments..,Visit Visa/Work Visa. Hi Guys; Do U any have idea regarding the procedure of Visas over there in Qatar. If anybody comes in visit visa and search for jobs over there. If any find the job; in that circumstance how the process will be to change the visit visa to working visa. Is it difficult and time consuming. How have to process for the change of visa???? Kindly suggest anybody..Take care,Irrelevant
4188,Q216_R27,Q216_R46,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Irrelevant
4189,Q216_R27,Q216_R55,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4190,Q216_R27,Q216_R60,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4191,Q216_R27,Q216_R68,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Irrelevant
4192,Q216_R27,Q216_R75,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
4193,Q216_R27,Q216_R78,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4194,Q216_R27,Q216_R79,Opticians in Doha. Guys - It's official; I'm going blind (and not for the reasons the priest told me). Where/how do I get my eyes tested for glasses here? Do I just walk into one of the opticians? What does it cost; who's good (and who's not)? Does my health card cover any of it...? Any suggestions greatly appreciated.,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4195,Q216_R46,Q216_R55,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4196,Q216_R46,Q216_R60,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4197,Q216_R46,Q216_R68,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Irrelevant
4198,Q216_R46,Q216_R75,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
4199,Q216_R46,Q216_R78,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4200,Q216_R46,Q216_R79,Chinese Eye Test. If you cannot decipher anything; then try pulling the corner of your eyes as if you were Chinese. It works.,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4201,Q216_R55,Q216_R60,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4202,Q216_R55,Q216_R68,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Irrelevant
4203,Q216_R55,Q216_R75,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
4204,Q216_R55,Q216_R78,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4205,Q216_R55,Q216_R79,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4206,Q216_R60,Q216_R68,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Irrelevant
4207,Q216_R60,Q216_R75,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
4208,Q216_R60,Q216_R78,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4209,Q216_R60,Q216_R79,Driving Test =/. Hello all; I just found out today I cannot exchange my American driver's license for a Qatari one. I already know how to drive (I may need to practice the parallel parking bit and study the theory again); but does anyone have any suggestions on driving schools? I am not looking to pay for training courses; I want to go directly into the test. Thanks.,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4210,Q216_R68,Q216_R75,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
4211,Q216_R68,Q216_R78,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4212,Q216_R68,Q216_R79,Diving License? Try Al Khebra Driving School. Hi Everyone! Anyone interested to get a driver's license with benefit? Try it with Al khebra Driving School. Starting 20 October 2009 up to 20 January 2010 every enrollee is entitled to 1 raffle coupon that can make u win a car ... grab this opportunity & be a part of this extravagant activities ... this is our way of thanking our valued customers. Goodluck !!!,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4213,Q216_R75,Q216_R78,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Irrelevant
4214,Q216_R75,Q216_R79,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4215,Q216_R78,Q216_R79,Driving lic.- Saudi to Qatar driving lic.. Hi Guys; I have a Saudi Driving Lic. and i want to apply for a Qatar driving lic. my question is; 1. Do i need NOC from the company? some are saying that its not required anymore. 2. Am i qualify to have a Qatar driving lic. if my profession in my visa say PROFESSIONAL. 3. do they will take my original Saudi driving lic. once i had the Qatar lic.? your answer is much appreciated. thanks,Medical Exam on arrival in Doha. Hi I have been told by my employer we all have to have a medical exam prior to commencing employment in Doha.....what does this involve - does anyone know? I have been told I can have mine the day I arrive and then start work 2 days after I am interested to know what exactly they test for! Anyone know? Is this a usual thing in Qatar? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4216,Q217_R21,Q217_R53,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4217,Q217_R21,Q217_R54,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,Irrelevant
4218,Q217_R21,Q217_R62,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,Irrelevant
4219,Q217_R21,Q217_R63,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,Irrelevant
4220,Q217_R21,Q217_R67,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Irrelevant
4221,Q217_R21,Q217_R69,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4222,Q217_R21,Q217_R78,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4223,Q217_R21,Q217_R85,Qatar Airways vs Emirates. Hello; I'm planning to take a long flight in a couple of months. Both QA and Emirates have flights going my way. Which is better? Which airline would you book? Thanks in advance.,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4224,Q217_R53,Q217_R54,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,Irrelevant
4225,Q217_R53,Q217_R62,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,Irrelevant
4226,Q217_R53,Q217_R63,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,Irrelevant
4227,Q217_R53,Q217_R67,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Irrelevant
4228,Q217_R53,Q217_R69,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4229,Q217_R53,Q217_R78,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4230,Q217_R53,Q217_R85,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4231,Q217_R54,Q217_R62,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,Irrelevant
4232,Q217_R54,Q217_R63,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,Irrelevant
4233,Q217_R54,Q217_R67,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Irrelevant
4234,Q217_R54,Q217_R69,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4235,Q217_R54,Q217_R78,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4236,Q217_R54,Q217_R85,Bringing Alcohol Chocolates out of Qatar?. Hello; I will be soon taking a vacation; back to the United States. I recently purchased some delicious alcohol chocolates; from QDC. Is it legal for me to put these chocolates in my checked baggage; to bring back to the United States?,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4237,Q217_R62,Q217_R63,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,Irrelevant
4238,Q217_R62,Q217_R67,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Irrelevant
4239,Q217_R62,Q217_R69,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4240,Q217_R62,Q217_R78,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4241,Q217_R62,Q217_R85,Criminal charge preventing departure from Qatar?. My friend has accused one of his employees of theft. This employee is now in the deportation centre on Salwa Road. Can my friend leave the country or is he barred from leaving the country until they both appear in court? How can my friend find out if this is true (without trying to leave)?,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4242,Q217_R63,Q217_R67,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Irrelevant
4243,Q217_R63,Q217_R69,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4244,Q217_R63,Q217_R78,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4245,Q217_R63,Q217_R85,Al Maha Service. Can we book for Al Maha service on the day of arrival? I mean few hrs before arrival? I know we can do it online; but some of them were saying that no guarantee for online booking. My Mom is coming first time in the new arrival area. she is arriving tomorrow morning..Mom can understand English...but cant talk much...She is on business class...do you think she will be able to manage herself?,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4246,Q217_R67,Q217_R69,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Irrelevant
4247,Q217_R67,Q217_R78,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4248,Q217_R67,Q217_R85,TATA SKY. Can anyone advise me about bringing a TATA SKY decoder into Doha ?   I am planning to bring one.   Will it be confiscated  ( I am not traveling with family this time) ?    ,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4249,Q217_R69,Q217_R78,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,Irrelevant
4250,Q217_R69,Q217_R85,No duty free alcohol into Doha???. When did they change that rule???,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4251,Q217_R78,Q217_R85,Doha Airport Immigration Lineup!!!!!!!!!!!!. Came to Doha two days ago and must have waited nearly an hour to get through the Immigration lineup at the airport. Why don't they have more staff? Why don't they have a more efficient system? The worst I've seen anywhere.,What should I ship/What should I purchase out there?. This post does what it says on the tin. Any advice? I'm coming from the UK. What kind of things should I be thinking about shipping; what stuff should I leave behind and buy when I get out there? Thank you or should I start practising and say 'shukran' now? :o),Irrelevant
4252,Q218_R6,Q218_R11,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,Can you daydream at night?. ,Irrelevant
4253,Q218_R6,Q218_R22,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,Irrelevant
4254,Q218_R6,Q218_R23,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,Irrelevant
4255,Q218_R6,Q218_R29,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,Irrelevant
4256,Q218_R6,Q218_R32,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,Irrelevant
4257,Q218_R6,Q218_R38,Corniche at night(photo). anybody know a place where one can have a good view of the cityscape.. like a tall building perhaps thats open to public..?,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4258,Q218_R11,Q218_R22,Can you daydream at night?. ,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,Irrelevant
4259,Q218_R11,Q218_R23,Can you daydream at night?. ,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,Irrelevant
4260,Q218_R11,Q218_R29,Can you daydream at night?. ,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,Irrelevant
4261,Q218_R11,Q218_R32,Can you daydream at night?. ,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,Irrelevant
4262,Q218_R11,Q218_R38,Can you daydream at night?. ,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4263,Q218_R22,Q218_R23,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,Irrelevant
4264,Q218_R22,Q218_R29,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,Irrelevant
4265,Q218_R22,Q218_R32,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,Irrelevant
4266,Q218_R22,Q218_R38,I am not getting sleep at night; any ideas?. I am not getting sleep at night; for the past two months .. I don't have any troubles. any ideas to get sleep..,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4267,Q218_R23,Q218_R29,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,Irrelevant
4268,Q218_R23,Q218_R32,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,Irrelevant
4269,Q218_R23,Q218_R38,Digging noises at night - AAAAARRRRRGH!. I am sitting here at almost half past midnight with my whole house shaking from jackhammering outside. Can anyone tell me whether there is a legal time limit to the lateness you can do construction work in this country?,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4270,Q218_R29,Q218_R32,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,Irrelevant
4271,Q218_R29,Q218_R38,They fast on sun up and do hookah at night. So what's the sense of the sacrifice anyway?,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4272,Q218_R32,Q218_R38,Why they fly in night ;]. It is 8.01 PM and jets are flying in sky with a roar.WOOOOOWWWW It seems some Royal is taking a night ride..Isnt it????,HAPPY WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!!!!. Hey par-tay people-what's everyone up 2??? i am working the nightshift-so hangin around online- anyone else gona be up til 6 am?? :),Irrelevant
4273,Q219_R5,Q219_R6,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Irrelevant
4274,Q219_R5,Q219_R7,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Irrelevant
4275,Q219_R5,Q219_R27,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Irrelevant
4276,Q219_R5,Q219_R33,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Irrelevant
4277,Q219_R5,Q219_R35,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Irrelevant
4278,Q219_R5,Q219_R53,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4279,Q219_R5,Q219_R57,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4280,Q219_R5,Q219_R58,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4281,Q219_R5,Q219_R66,converting and marrying in islam doubts. Can someone tell me how many witnesses are needed when converting and could my love be a witness; she's morroquian. Do i have to change name? In weddings; best father/mother have to be muslim? Thanksing in advance 4 useful info.,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4282,Q219_R6,Q219_R7,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Irrelevant
4283,Q219_R6,Q219_R27,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Irrelevant
4284,Q219_R6,Q219_R33,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Irrelevant
4285,Q219_R6,Q219_R35,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Irrelevant
4286,Q219_R6,Q219_R53,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4287,Q219_R6,Q219_R57,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4288,Q219_R6,Q219_R58,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4289,Q219_R6,Q219_R66,Who are these girls?. Who wouldn't like to meet her? I found this Advert on Qatarliving home page. But..........isn't there something fishy about this! Are these real girls. I would like some opinions.,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4290,Q219_R7,Q219_R27,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Irrelevant
4291,Q219_R7,Q219_R33,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Irrelevant
4292,Q219_R7,Q219_R35,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Irrelevant
4293,Q219_R7,Q219_R53,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4294,Q219_R7,Q219_R57,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4295,Q219_R7,Q219_R58,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4296,Q219_R7,Q219_R66,Sarah Palin interviews!. These videos speak for themselves... First two are serious; I say this because there might be some confusion between what is serious and what is a joke; the third & fourth is a joke. Enjoy.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8__aXxXPVc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTJXtwJn050&feature=user http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2gxrQrMGv0 http://www.nbc.com/Saturday_Night_Live/video/clips/couric-palin-open/704042/,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4297,Q219_R27,Q219_R33,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Irrelevant
4298,Q219_R27,Q219_R35,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Irrelevant
4299,Q219_R27,Q219_R53,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4300,Q219_R27,Q219_R57,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4301,Q219_R27,Q219_R58,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4302,Q219_R27,Q219_R66,Is QL now the rizks and pajju show ?. It seems to me that EVERY topic is now getting hijacked by rizks and pajju. Im all for a bit of hijacking; cos it can lead to other discussions; but these two clowns just destroy every topic into a stupid dim witted conversation about bollox. C'mon guys; just dont hijack to get points; please add some ideas and thoughts into the chosen topic.,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4303,Q219_R33,Q219_R35,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Irrelevant
4304,Q219_R33,Q219_R53,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4305,Q219_R33,Q219_R57,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4306,Q219_R33,Q219_R58,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4307,Q219_R33,Q219_R66,divorce from the muslim husband. is that easy to get divorced from your muslim husband if you are not muslim; and your marriage has been performed at the Shriah Court of Qatar? what's the procedure? can woman say 3 times I divorce you; exactly like man can? and their marriage after that will be dissolved?,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4308,Q219_R35,Q219_R53,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Irrelevant
4309,Q219_R35,Q219_R57,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4310,Q219_R35,Q219_R58,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4311,Q219_R35,Q219_R66,my buddies. I can see at least a dozen of my buddies on line.. and barely can find any one of them in the threads... Even though Ksa made an attempt to bring them together.. it didn’t work either… how much QL has changed... :( recession?,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4312,Q219_R53,Q219_R57,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Irrelevant
4313,Q219_R53,Q219_R58,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4314,Q219_R53,Q219_R66,Unclean left hand. Why is the left hand considered "unclean" in Islam? And what should all the left-handed people do?,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4315,Q219_R57,Q219_R58,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Irrelevant
4316,Q219_R57,Q219_R66,Which religion is better - IPU or FSM?. I'm in doubt which religion to choose between Invisible Pink Unicorn and Flying Spaghetti Monster. Can anyone help?,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4317,Q219_R58,Q219_R66,Going on private with muslim girlfriend. I have a morroquian girlfriend; morroqiuan law seams to forbid PDA and a couple can't be in the same house if not married; seams that it's also the same in Qatar; so i'm wondering; how do single couples; being 1 a foreigner can meet without having problems with Police?,Islamicphobia. Hi All. With the close relationship reflected in QL between the Muslims & Nons it is proven that all religions and race can live side-by-side. Therefore my question is why in other parts of the world they cant?? Are they just simply ignorant; arrogant or are they having any hidden agendas? The reason to raise this is to "educate" the world of the true meaning of peaceful living. Your comments please!!,Irrelevant
4318,Q220_R15,Q220_R18,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Irrelevant
4319,Q220_R15,Q220_R20,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,Irrelevant
4320,Q220_R15,Q220_R37,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Irrelevant
4321,Q220_R15,Q220_R43,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
4322,Q220_R15,Q220_R49,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Irrelevant
4323,Q220_R15,Q220_R53,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4324,Q220_R15,Q220_R55,ivf in doha. hello all; this is my first post on here. I was hoping someone could give me advice on ivf in Doha. Best place to do it? I was looking at Hamad hospital. Fees? Procedure in terms of getting an appt at the hospital? Your responses on this matter would be very much appreciated,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4325,Q220_R18,Q220_R20,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,Irrelevant
4326,Q220_R18,Q220_R37,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Irrelevant
4327,Q220_R18,Q220_R43,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
4328,Q220_R18,Q220_R49,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Irrelevant
4329,Q220_R18,Q220_R53,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4330,Q220_R18,Q220_R55,Filippancy at Al Ahli Hospital. I had an appointment at Al Ahli dermatology department scheduled for 1.20 pm today. As I arrived on time; I am told to wait for half an hour as the doctor left for his lunch break; without caring about his patient. I cancelled the appointment and left the hospital. Is it a fair treatment? Your comments please.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4331,Q220_R20,Q220_R37,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Irrelevant
4332,Q220_R20,Q220_R43,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
4333,Q220_R20,Q220_R49,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Irrelevant
4334,Q220_R20,Q220_R53,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4335,Q220_R20,Q220_R55,Allergy testing in Qatar?. Can anyone recommend a GOOD doctor or allergy testing center in Qatar please?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4336,Q220_R37,Q220_R43,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Irrelevant
4337,Q220_R37,Q220_R49,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Irrelevant
4338,Q220_R37,Q220_R53,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4339,Q220_R37,Q220_R55,queen dental or sr.sarah's???. im torn between the two;i need to do my crowns before the year ends;i want something that is worth the price..help! **i dunno if this is the right place to post this thanks!,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4340,Q220_R43,Q220_R49,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Irrelevant
4341,Q220_R43,Q220_R53,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4342,Q220_R43,Q220_R55,MRI scan at Hamad Hosp?. Anyone know how that works? Apparently I need a referral from MY doctor. I'm new here so I am not quiet sure who "my doctor" is. Then I need an appointment with the doctor at Hamad Hospital; and he decides if I need one? Otherwise I have to pay around 1000QR at a private hospital; which is very expensive. Suggestions please?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4343,Q220_R49,Q220_R53,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Irrelevant
4344,Q220_R49,Q220_R55,Do we have sleep clinics here in DOHA? If so; how do i get an appointment?. I'm recently having sleep problems ( sleep apnea ) causing me distress during work. I wanted to ask if there are any sleep clinics here so I could have my situtation checked.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4345,Q220_R53,Q220_R55,Where to buy a good heater for the house?. hello can anyone suggest where to buy a good heater for the house? We&#39;re planning to put it in our bedroom. And if there&#39;s a good brand you know; pls feel free to suggest. thanks.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
4346,Q222_R16,Q222_R25,Maid services. Does anyone know what a fair price is for a maid 6 hours a day; three days a week? Thanks.,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Irrelevant
4347,Q222_R16,Q222_R48,Maid services. Does anyone know what a fair price is for a maid 6 hours a day; three days a week? Thanks.,30kQR attractive enough ?. Hello everyone' I've got an offer from Qtel in middle technical/management with all inclusive QR30K. anyone experience with Qtel working environment; kindly share your comments. plz . what is average cost of living in Doha; can i survive considering not to opt for a lavish lifestyle ? is it worth leaving Saudi Telecom SAR 25K offer? appreciate your kind feedback; best regards,Irrelevant
4348,Q222_R16,Q222_R55,Maid services. Does anyone know what a fair price is for a maid 6 hours a day; three days a week? Thanks.,Buying Apartment at The Pearl. Hi Everybody; We are considering to buy an apartment at the Pearl. So far; we have contacted The Land; 1st Qatar; Sabban Tower and ERA. Anybody who has purchased an apartment; please share your experience with these company? Any upside and downside?,Irrelevant
4349,Q222_R25,Q222_R48,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,30kQR attractive enough ?. Hello everyone' I've got an offer from Qtel in middle technical/management with all inclusive QR30K. anyone experience with Qtel working environment; kindly share your comments. plz . what is average cost of living in Doha; can i survive considering not to opt for a lavish lifestyle ? is it worth leaving Saudi Telecom SAR 25K offer? appreciate your kind feedback; best regards,Irrelevant
4350,Q222_R25,Q222_R55,Moving Companies in Doha. Hi All. Does anyone know any good moving companies in Doha? A company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything; and possible pack it all up for me as well. The move is local; within Doha.,Buying Apartment at The Pearl. Hi Everybody; We are considering to buy an apartment at the Pearl. So far; we have contacted The Land; 1st Qatar; Sabban Tower and ERA. Anybody who has purchased an apartment; please share your experience with these company? Any upside and downside?,Irrelevant
4351,Q222_R48,Q222_R55,30kQR attractive enough ?. Hello everyone' I've got an offer from Qtel in middle technical/management with all inclusive QR30K. anyone experience with Qtel working environment; kindly share your comments. plz . what is average cost of living in Doha; can i survive considering not to opt for a lavish lifestyle ? is it worth leaving Saudi Telecom SAR 25K offer? appreciate your kind feedback; best regards,Buying Apartment at The Pearl. Hi Everybody; We are considering to buy an apartment at the Pearl. So far; we have contacted The Land; 1st Qatar; Sabban Tower and ERA. Anybody who has purchased an apartment; please share your experience with these company? Any upside and downside?,Irrelevant
4352,Q223_R2,Q223_R3,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,Irrelevant
4353,Q223_R2,Q223_R7,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4354,Q223_R2,Q223_R8,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
4355,Q223_R2,Q223_R11,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,Irrelevant
4356,Q223_R2,Q223_R15,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,Irrelevant
4357,Q223_R2,Q223_R18,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4358,Q223_R2,Q223_R20,When does QDC re-open. Does anyone know when QDC will re-open after Ramadan? Will it be opened during Eid?,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4359,Q223_R3,Q223_R7,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4360,Q223_R3,Q223_R8,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
4361,Q223_R3,Q223_R11,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,Irrelevant
4362,Q223_R3,Q223_R15,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,Irrelevant
4363,Q223_R3,Q223_R18,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4364,Q223_R3,Q223_R20,When does QDC close for Ramadan?. Hi does anybody know when QDC closes for Ramadan this year? Thanks,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4365,Q223_R7,Q223_R8,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
4366,Q223_R7,Q223_R11,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,Irrelevant
4367,Q223_R7,Q223_R15,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,Irrelevant
4368,Q223_R7,Q223_R18,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4369,Q223_R7,Q223_R20,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4370,Q223_R8,Q223_R11,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,Irrelevant
4371,Q223_R8,Q223_R15,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,Irrelevant
4372,Q223_R8,Q223_R18,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4373,Q223_R8,Q223_R20,When will QDC open back up Eid 2012. Hello QDC was closed on Thursday due to the EID Holiday October 2012. Does anyone know when it wil re-open? Thanks in advance,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4374,Q223_R11,Q223_R15,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,Irrelevant
4375,Q223_R11,Q223_R18,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4376,Q223_R11,Q223_R20,''Gone off'' wine from QDC. We opened a new box of wine last night which had recently been purchased from QDC to discover that it had gone off. It's the same wine we alway buy so know what to expect on opening a box. Opened a second box and it was fine. Has anyone had this experience before;did you return it to QDC and if so how did you get on?,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4377,Q223_R15,Q223_R18,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,Irrelevant
4378,Q223_R15,Q223_R20,QDC Closing?. Anyone know if there's any truth to the rumors that the government is shutting down the QDC? I just got a call from a friend who says the line-up is 45 minutes long at the QDC right now.,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4379,Q223_R18,Q223_R20,QDC On the Pearl. QDC on the Pearl was closed due to technical difficulties so have these been resolved now? With Salwa road a mess getting one of natures necessities has become a labourious chore and I cannot send my driver as he does not have liquor licence. Anyone know when QDC on the pearl will open again? I never believed the technical difficulties lies but the authorities don't like to tell the truth.,19;000 QR QDC ration??? WTF???. Checked my limit yesterday... I could open a pub for that amount???,Irrelevant
4380,Q224_R13,Q224_R33,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Irrelevant
4381,Q224_R13,Q224_R36,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Irrelevant
4382,Q224_R13,Q224_R37,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Irrelevant
4383,Q224_R13,Q224_R38,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Irrelevant
4384,Q224_R13,Q224_R39,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Irrelevant
4385,Q224_R13,Q224_R42,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4386,Q224_R13,Q224_R43,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4387,Q224_R13,Q224_R46,how can i edit my name?. how can i edit my name in qatar living,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4388,Q224_R33,Q224_R36,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Irrelevant
4389,Q224_R33,Q224_R37,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Irrelevant
4390,Q224_R33,Q224_R38,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Irrelevant
4391,Q224_R33,Q224_R39,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Irrelevant
4392,Q224_R33,Q224_R42,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4393,Q224_R33,Q224_R43,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4394,Q224_R33,Q224_R46,Help! Talk to me about Eid.... I know it's a ways off; but I would love to hear how people in Qatar celebrate the holiday. I imagine it's more fun here than in the U.S. for example; because Qatar is a Muslim country. Does anyone have special traditions to commemorate the end of Ramadan? I would like to profile some responders in a magazine I write for. Let me know asap! Thanks :),Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4395,Q224_R36,Q224_R37,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Irrelevant
4396,Q224_R36,Q224_R38,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Irrelevant
4397,Q224_R36,Q224_R39,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Irrelevant
4398,Q224_R36,Q224_R42,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4399,Q224_R36,Q224_R43,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4400,Q224_R36,Q224_R46,Whole lot of interesting threads on here. Sure looks as though there have been many heated discussions in this place. How do you folks distinguish between racism; discrimination; prejudice etc. Very few stay with the essence of the question and turn it round to some sort of; to use the word used on here; 'bashing'. Are you all so against each other?,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4401,Q224_R37,Q224_R38,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Irrelevant
4402,Q224_R37,Q224_R39,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Irrelevant
4403,Q224_R37,Q224_R42,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4404,Q224_R37,Q224_R43,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4405,Q224_R37,Q224_R46,Feel good today.... let us feel good today and say thanks to God that he gave us precious life to live and enjoy the beautiful things..what is your say?,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4406,Q224_R38,Q224_R39,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Irrelevant
4407,Q224_R38,Q224_R42,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4408,Q224_R38,Q224_R43,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4409,Q224_R38,Q224_R46,Weird Day. Good morning QLers. You know it’s going to be a weird day when you wake up and see this poll results in front of you: Did I get drunk yesterday? I swear I have 20 drafts on really good topics that I just can’t fill with enough interesting or funny points to post. Actually they’re not that bad; I’ll finish them up soon. Just wanted you to know that i’m still around.,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4410,Q224_R39,Q224_R42,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4411,Q224_R39,Q224_R43,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4412,Q224_R39,Q224_R46,How old is QL?. Anyone here kindly tell me how old is this site?,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4413,Q224_R42,Q224_R43,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Irrelevant
4414,Q224_R42,Q224_R46,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4415,Q224_R43,Q224_R46,Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg?. Is it in appropriate for western men to wear a thoub and shumagg? They look very comfortable especially during the summer. I wanted to get one but I don’t want to offend anyone or do anything inappropriate.  ,Hackers on QL????. Today I clicked on my recent posts and found a stupid add posted on my behalf on QL. I dont know how it happened but is it possible that somebody hacked my account (as I never log out) and posted the add just for fun/prank. Just wanted to inquire if u guys have had any such experience.,Irrelevant
4416,Q225_R23,Q225_R24,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,Irrelevant
4417,Q225_R23,Q225_R29,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,Irrelevant
4418,Q225_R23,Q225_R30,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
4419,Q225_R23,Q225_R32,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Irrelevant
4420,Q225_R23,Q225_R36,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
4421,Q225_R23,Q225_R39,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4422,Q225_R23,Q225_R44,From one party girl to another!. Girls!!! Where u at. Im at british woman; married with 2 kids but am fed up of being stuck at home i need some decent girly nights out and not just with OTHER MUMS talking kid talk. I wanna go out and have fun. All my old friends are still in Dubai or the UK. i have lovely friends here but good nights out are always needed. whos up for coming out with me???,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4423,Q225_R24,Q225_R29,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,Irrelevant
4424,Q225_R24,Q225_R30,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
4425,Q225_R24,Q225_R32,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Irrelevant
4426,Q225_R24,Q225_R36,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
4427,Q225_R24,Q225_R39,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4428,Q225_R24,Q225_R44,lost dog...?. HELLO;PPL;just back from my nightly walk with my dogs and we found a pup taking refuge in a water-meter shed..seeing as to what QAWS had to say in yesterdays paper; am afraid to even call them up..what would U do..walk away or help?Your advice and thoughts;please.,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4429,Q225_R29,Q225_R30,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Irrelevant
4430,Q225_R29,Q225_R32,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Irrelevant
4431,Q225_R29,Q225_R36,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
4432,Q225_R29,Q225_R39,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4433,Q225_R29,Q225_R44,Guess who's baaaaaack. And I'm back! Not excited at all :-( So how does everyone cope with coming back? At the moment all I can think about is how amazing the vacation was and how I so badly don't want to be here right now :-(,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4434,Q225_R30,Q225_R32,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Irrelevant
4435,Q225_R30,Q225_R36,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
4436,Q225_R30,Q225_R39,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4437,Q225_R30,Q225_R44,sardar jokes 2010. 1) sardar lost his cheque book bankmanager:be careful anyone can put ur sign sardar :Iam not a fool Ihave already signed all cheques 2) sardar watching star movies during the commercial break it says " U are watching star movies sardar : how they know that?,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4438,Q225_R32,Q225_R36,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Irrelevant
4439,Q225_R32,Q225_R39,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4440,Q225_R32,Q225_R44,Chicken is my favorite animal. Friends....I love Chicken and have so since I was a tiny little baby. I like it broiled; grilled; fried and even baked. I like it by itself; or with Alfredo sauce on noodles; I like it in rice; or served with potatoes. I eat at least a half a chicken a day and sometimes a whole one..So I must know Whats the chicken situation like in Doha; Qatar? Price; quality and availabilty?,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4441,Q225_R36,Q225_R39,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4442,Q225_R36,Q225_R44,HOW TO KILL ONE RAT AT HOME. Just recently I saw one rat in our kitchen. I haven't seen one at home for the past 10 years. I don't know how it entered my house. Now I am troubled by this. What is the best way to get rid of it? Any rat trap available here in Qatar? Thanks for the advise.,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4443,Q225_R39,Q225_R44,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Best company in Qatar. Friends... Which would be the best company to wrok for in qatar? Please share your thoughts...,Irrelevant
4444,Q226_R28,Q226_R60,Garvey's closed down??. What happened at Garvey's last night? I heard it got raided by police around 11pm and closed down. Something to do with their licence having expired?,What is the best Club in Doha. I just want to share my opinion on a couple of the clubs in Doha; Ritz carlton is quite nice with the nicest pool in Doha. Recommended. Diplomatic Club has now banned bikinis and are giving warning letters for using bikinis in the pool! Apparently all the western expats have left and it is now an arabic club. Other views?,Irrelevant
4445,Q227_R44,Q227_R45,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4446,Q227_R44,Q227_R48,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,Irrelevant
4447,Q227_R44,Q227_R50,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
4448,Q227_R44,Q227_R69,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,Irrelevant
4449,Q227_R44,Q227_R77,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Irrelevant
4450,Q227_R44,Q227_R83,Ban on Mineral Water !!. Hopefully these are just rumors; but i've heard that certain mineral water brands are being pulled of shelves because after some kind of check from the government its been found that they are not up to standards and contain some contaminants... Has any 1 heard of this ??!! Coz i really want to know what i should and should not be drinking :( All the more reason to drink more alcohol though :) !!!!,Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4451,Q227_R45,Q227_R48,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,Irrelevant
4452,Q227_R45,Q227_R50,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
4453,Q227_R45,Q227_R69,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,Irrelevant
4454,Q227_R45,Q227_R77,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Irrelevant
4455,Q227_R45,Q227_R83,Is KFC chicken Halal?. Some of my muslim friends are asking this question? Is it or it's not? Thanks!,Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4456,Q227_R48,Q227_R50,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Irrelevant
4457,Q227_R48,Q227_R69,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,Irrelevant
4458,Q227_R48,Q227_R77,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Irrelevant
4459,Q227_R48,Q227_R83,Is it permissible to bring a Bible to Qatar?. We will be assigned to work in Qatar. Is it permissible to bring a Bible there. Are there any evangelical church or cell group in Qatar. Please let me know. thanks.,Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4460,Q227_R50,Q227_R69,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,Irrelevant
4461,Q227_R50,Q227_R77,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Irrelevant
4462,Q227_R50,Q227_R83,NY times article on OBESITY in Qatar. An NY times article that gives an insight into Qatari lifestyle and its effects on general health. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/27/world/middleeast/27qatar.html?scp=5&sq=qatar&st=nyt Health and wealth; they never go together. :),Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4463,Q227_R69,Q227_R77,What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Irrelevant
4464,Q227_R69,Q227_R83,What is the right age to start drinking?. Any thoughts? How about my opinion: Beer - 15 years Whisky - 18 years Gin - 17.5 years Vodka - 10 years Rum - 18 years Now don't ask for logic.Just for fun.,Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4465,Q227_R77,Q227_R83,loosing weight/ dieting. I don't believe that i lost 5 kg in 10 days.. by simply just counting calories and walking for 30 minutes everyday. any one would like to share his/her experience?,Drinking milk after eating prawns. Drinking milk after eating prawns is harmfull or just a myth. If harmfull whats the effect?,Irrelevant
4466,Q228_R9,Q228_R30,Have u ever noticed???????. Yesterday i went to villagio and noticed that Dresses for FAT people is so bad and so shapless that if they wear they'll look more fat and it gives a look of old fashioned texture and style. why like this???,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Irrelevant
4467,Q228_R9,Q228_R33,Have u ever noticed???????. Yesterday i went to villagio and noticed that Dresses for FAT people is so bad and so shapless that if they wear they'll look more fat and it gives a look of old fashioned texture and style. why like this???,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Irrelevant
4468,Q228_R9,Q228_R34,Have u ever noticed???????. Yesterday i went to villagio and noticed that Dresses for FAT people is so bad and so shapless that if they wear they'll look more fat and it gives a look of old fashioned texture and style. why like this???,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4469,Q228_R9,Q228_R35,Have u ever noticed???????. Yesterday i went to villagio and noticed that Dresses for FAT people is so bad and so shapless that if they wear they'll look more fat and it gives a look of old fashioned texture and style. why like this???,IKEA in Doha?. Hi I heard rumours that IKEA will be opening a store in Doha? Anyone have any information on that? Really looking forward if this true as we have grown very bored of Home Centre. Cheers,Irrelevant
4470,Q228_R9,Q228_R36,Have u ever noticed???????. Yesterday i went to villagio and noticed that Dresses for FAT people is so bad and so shapless that if they wear they'll look more fat and it gives a look of old fashioned texture and style. why like this???,Where to find latest Canon digital cameras???. Does anybody know of any shops in Doha that stock the latest Canon digital compact cameras; specifically the IXUS 960; 950 & 860 models (also known as Powershot SD950; 850 & 870 respectively); or failing that the older IXUS 900; 850; 800 & 750 models (Powershot SD900; 800; 700 & 550 respectively). Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
4471,Q228_R30,Q228_R33,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Irrelevant
4472,Q228_R30,Q228_R34,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4473,Q228_R30,Q228_R35,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,IKEA in Doha?. Hi I heard rumours that IKEA will be opening a store in Doha? Anyone have any information on that? Really looking forward if this true as we have grown very bored of Home Centre. Cheers,Irrelevant
4474,Q228_R30,Q228_R36,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Where to find latest Canon digital cameras???. Does anybody know of any shops in Doha that stock the latest Canon digital compact cameras; specifically the IXUS 960; 950 & 860 models (also known as Powershot SD950; 850 & 870 respectively); or failing that the older IXUS 900; 850; 800 & 750 models (Powershot SD900; 800; 700 & 550 respectively). Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
4475,Q228_R33,Q228_R34,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4476,Q228_R33,Q228_R35,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,IKEA in Doha?. Hi I heard rumours that IKEA will be opening a store in Doha? Anyone have any information on that? Really looking forward if this true as we have grown very bored of Home Centre. Cheers,Irrelevant
4477,Q228_R33,Q228_R36,Ezdan Suites. Hi I am in the process of signing a contract for a 2 Bdrm apartment at the Ezdan towers in westbay. The sales pitch was great and the show apartment I visited seeme OK. from the earlier postings I sensed there are problems there. can anyone help? Should I go ahead or not ?,Where to find latest Canon digital cameras???. Does anybody know of any shops in Doha that stock the latest Canon digital compact cameras; specifically the IXUS 960; 950 & 860 models (also known as Powershot SD950; 850 & 870 respectively); or failing that the older IXUS 900; 850; 800 & 750 models (Powershot SD900; 800; 700 & 550 respectively). Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
4478,Q228_R34,Q228_R35,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,IKEA in Doha?. Hi I heard rumours that IKEA will be opening a store in Doha? Anyone have any information on that? Really looking forward if this true as we have grown very bored of Home Centre. Cheers,Irrelevant
4479,Q228_R34,Q228_R36,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Where to find latest Canon digital cameras???. Does anybody know of any shops in Doha that stock the latest Canon digital compact cameras; specifically the IXUS 960; 950 & 860 models (also known as Powershot SD950; 850 & 870 respectively); or failing that the older IXUS 900; 850; 800 & 750 models (Powershot SD900; 800; 700 & 550 respectively). Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
4480,Q228_R35,Q228_R36,IKEA in Doha?. Hi I heard rumours that IKEA will be opening a store in Doha? Anyone have any information on that? Really looking forward if this true as we have grown very bored of Home Centre. Cheers,Where to find latest Canon digital cameras???. Does anybody know of any shops in Doha that stock the latest Canon digital compact cameras; specifically the IXUS 960; 950 & 860 models (also known as Powershot SD950; 850 & 870 respectively); or failing that the older IXUS 900; 850; 800 & 750 models (Powershot SD900; 800; 700 & 550 respectively). Thanks in advance.,Irrelevant
4481,Q229_R6,Q229_R9,Why did they agree?. I would love to hear from you; why after so many years Palestine has been admitted as an observing UN member. Why now? Is there a motive dodgy behind this? Does Palestine include Gaza or it is just the West Bank? I would love to hear it from you ordinary guys; not from the news; M.E. Experts; Political pundits; etc.,Do you agree?!. "The best songs are the ones that make you feel something"   agree?,Irrelevant
4482,Q229_R6,Q229_R10,Why did they agree?. I would love to hear from you; why after so many years Palestine has been admitted as an observing UN member. Why now? Is there a motive dodgy behind this? Does Palestine include Gaza or it is just the West Bank? I would love to hear it from you ordinary guys; not from the news; M.E. Experts; Political pundits; etc.,Who Love the ARABs Most...???. It is Said by Israeli Minister in 60s that We are not Afraid of ARABS but we are Afraid of Arab Lovers.... Who R Arab Lovers ????????? They Clearly Pointed out ......PAKISTAN Pakistan is the Main Target NOW ???,Irrelevant
4483,Q229_R6,Q229_R12,Why did they agree?. I would love to hear from you; why after so many years Palestine has been admitted as an observing UN member. Why now? Is there a motive dodgy behind this? Does Palestine include Gaza or it is just the West Bank? I would love to hear it from you ordinary guys; not from the news; M.E. Experts; Political pundits; etc.,Do you agree with this?. "Kerala is a beautiful and a nice country..." How many of you do agree to this quote???,Irrelevant
4484,Q229_R6,Q229_R13,Why did they agree?. I would love to hear from you; why after so many years Palestine has been admitted as an observing UN member. Why now? Is there a motive dodgy behind this? Does Palestine include Gaza or it is just the West Bank? I would love to hear it from you ordinary guys; not from the news; M.E. Experts; Political pundits; etc.,Which Bank to use in Qatar?. Hi Does anyone have recommendations for which bank to use in Qatar? The account will be used to get my salary paid into and transfer funds overseas. Thanks,Irrelevant
4485,Q229_R6,Q229_R15,Why did they agree?. I would love to hear from you; why after so many years Palestine has been admitted as an observing UN member. Why now? Is there a motive dodgy behind this? Does Palestine include Gaza or it is just the West Bank? I would love to hear it from you ordinary guys; not from the news; M.E. Experts; Political pundits; etc.,MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
4486,Q229_R9,Q229_R10,Do you agree?!. "The best songs are the ones that make you feel something"   agree?,Who Love the ARABs Most...???. It is Said by Israeli Minister in 60s that We are not Afraid of ARABS but we are Afraid of Arab Lovers.... Who R Arab Lovers ????????? They Clearly Pointed out ......PAKISTAN Pakistan is the Main Target NOW ???,Irrelevant
4487,Q229_R9,Q229_R12,Do you agree?!. "The best songs are the ones that make you feel something"   agree?,Do you agree with this?. "Kerala is a beautiful and a nice country..." How many of you do agree to this quote???,Irrelevant
4488,Q229_R9,Q229_R13,Do you agree?!. "The best songs are the ones that make you feel something"   agree?,Which Bank to use in Qatar?. Hi Does anyone have recommendations for which bank to use in Qatar? The account will be used to get my salary paid into and transfer funds overseas. Thanks,Irrelevant
4489,Q229_R9,Q229_R15,Do you agree?!. "The best songs are the ones that make you feel something"   agree?,MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
4490,Q229_R10,Q229_R12,Who Love the ARABs Most...???. It is Said by Israeli Minister in 60s that We are not Afraid of ARABS but we are Afraid of Arab Lovers.... Who R Arab Lovers ????????? They Clearly Pointed out ......PAKISTAN Pakistan is the Main Target NOW ???,Do you agree with this?. "Kerala is a beautiful and a nice country..." How many of you do agree to this quote???,Irrelevant
4491,Q229_R10,Q229_R13,Who Love the ARABs Most...???. It is Said by Israeli Minister in 60s that We are not Afraid of ARABS but we are Afraid of Arab Lovers.... Who R Arab Lovers ????????? They Clearly Pointed out ......PAKISTAN Pakistan is the Main Target NOW ???,Which Bank to use in Qatar?. Hi Does anyone have recommendations for which bank to use in Qatar? The account will be used to get my salary paid into and transfer funds overseas. Thanks,Irrelevant
4492,Q229_R10,Q229_R15,Who Love the ARABs Most...???. It is Said by Israeli Minister in 60s that We are not Afraid of ARABS but we are Afraid of Arab Lovers.... Who R Arab Lovers ????????? They Clearly Pointed out ......PAKISTAN Pakistan is the Main Target NOW ???,MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
4493,Q229_R12,Q229_R13,Do you agree with this?. "Kerala is a beautiful and a nice country..." How many of you do agree to this quote???,Which Bank to use in Qatar?. Hi Does anyone have recommendations for which bank to use in Qatar? The account will be used to get my salary paid into and transfer funds overseas. Thanks,Irrelevant
4494,Q229_R12,Q229_R15,Do you agree with this?. "Kerala is a beautiful and a nice country..." How many of you do agree to this quote???,MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
4495,Q229_R13,Q229_R15,Which Bank to use in Qatar?. Hi Does anyone have recommendations for which bank to use in Qatar? The account will be used to get my salary paid into and transfer funds overseas. Thanks,MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
4496,Q230_R13,Q230_R18,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Irrelevant
4497,Q230_R13,Q230_R34,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Irrelevant
4498,Q230_R13,Q230_R36,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
4499,Q230_R13,Q230_R44,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Irrelevant
4500,Q230_R13,Q230_R57,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
4501,Q230_R13,Q230_R59,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4502,Q230_R13,Q230_R66,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4503,Q230_R13,Q230_R77,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4504,Q230_R13,Q230_R78,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4505,Q230_R18,Q230_R34,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Irrelevant
4506,Q230_R18,Q230_R36,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
4507,Q230_R18,Q230_R44,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Irrelevant
4508,Q230_R18,Q230_R57,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
4509,Q230_R18,Q230_R59,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4510,Q230_R18,Q230_R66,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4511,Q230_R18,Q230_R77,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4512,Q230_R18,Q230_R78,Al Wakra. Hello everybody ... moving to Qatar I was offered a full furnished flat in al Wakra my work is close to city center is it very far for a daily course ? how much aprox. is the electricity and water ? is the salary of 10.000 good to live with ? Thanks,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4513,Q230_R34,Q230_R36,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Irrelevant
4514,Q230_R34,Q230_R44,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Irrelevant
4515,Q230_R34,Q230_R57,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
4516,Q230_R34,Q230_R59,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4517,Q230_R34,Q230_R66,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4518,Q230_R34,Q230_R77,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4519,Q230_R34,Q230_R78,Car battery life. Does anyone know what is a typical life of a car battery (new car Toyota model sedan) in Doha given the hot weather. How often do you need a change? and what is a good place for battery purchase for Toyota?,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4520,Q230_R36,Q230_R44,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Irrelevant
4521,Q230_R36,Q230_R57,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
4522,Q230_R36,Q230_R59,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4523,Q230_R36,Q230_R66,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4524,Q230_R36,Q230_R77,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4525,Q230_R36,Q230_R78,Sai Baba's Tricks Exposed: Video Link From BB. Friends; I received following e-mail from one of my known person. The link is a News from BBC Corp. Very interesting as well as Eye Opening. Let me make one thing very clear: Sai Baba Believers; Please DISREAGRD this e-mail. DO not even try to watch this small video or else you will loose faith in him...lol.. Are we human so dumb.... ???? http://social.mumbaihangout.org/video_view.php?user=ajaytex&playlist_id=500&video_id=1737,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4526,Q230_R44,Q230_R57,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
4527,Q230_R44,Q230_R59,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4528,Q230_R44,Q230_R66,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4529,Q230_R44,Q230_R77,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4530,Q230_R44,Q230_R78,Marriage between a Christian Men and Muslim Girl ?. Hi; I'm a catholic and Indian;I'm in love with a Singaporean Muslim Girl..We both want to get married? What are the legal procedures in Qatar ? She's ready to convert!! Any help will be appreciated :) Thank you,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4531,Q230_R57,Q230_R59,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4532,Q230_R57,Q230_R66,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4533,Q230_R57,Q230_R77,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4534,Q230_R57,Q230_R78,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4535,Q230_R59,Q230_R66,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4536,Q230_R59,Q230_R77,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4537,Q230_R59,Q230_R78,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4538,Q230_R66,Q230_R77,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,Irrelevant
4539,Q230_R66,Q230_R78,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4540,Q230_R77,Q230_R78,Leaving Qatar without paying off a Bank car loan. Need your help. Could anyone explain to me the Qatar regulatons for Expats working in Qatar wishing to leave with a car that was bought through a bank loan. I heard someone was able to ship his car to his home country two months after buying it through a bank loan in Douha. Is that possible? and how will the Bank get its money if the person decides to quit his job and return home.,ASPIRE PARK NEW RULE. Aspire Park has introduce new rule...... People who can not enter in Aspire Park.... 1) Peoples who are wearing Shalwar Qameez (Pakistani Dress) even if you are with family. 2) Peoples who are wearing Sudani Traditional Dress ( Sundani Thope) 3) peoples who are wearing Saariiii (Indian Ladies Dress) and Other nationality dress........... EVEN IF YOU ARE WITH FAMILY OR IF YOUR AGE IS MORE THEN 80 YEARS.....:) What you say........?,Irrelevant
4541,Q231_R13,Q231_R20,QL Shutdown. QLers; how would you feel if suddenly a message will flash on screen advising us that Qatar Living will be shutting down in a matter of days?,To all auto aficianados on QL ! ! ! !. Can we have a group for autos/cars..? (I'm no expert so I dont think I should start the group)...,Irrelevant
4542,Q231_R13,Q231_R27,QL Shutdown. QLers; how would you feel if suddenly a message will flash on screen advising us that Qatar Living will be shutting down in a matter of days?,about QL points; what will happen if you have lots of points?????? just asking... ,Irrelevant
4543,Q231_R13,Q231_R36,QL Shutdown. QLers; how would you feel if suddenly a message will flash on screen advising us that Qatar Living will be shutting down in a matter of days?,gooood mooorrrniiiiinggggggggggg QL........... Goooooooooood Mooooooorrrrrrrrrrrnnnnnnnninnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg to all! 2nd day of Ramadan; and traffic was still light and easy this morning; thank goodness for that.......Anyways; another day has started; full of work; play; and lots of QL-ing lol!!!!! Rise and shine everyone; what's on your agenda today???,Irrelevant
4544,Q231_R20,Q231_R27,To all auto aficianados on QL ! ! ! !. Can we have a group for autos/cars..? (I'm no expert so I dont think I should start the group)...,about QL points; what will happen if you have lots of points?????? just asking... ,Irrelevant
4545,Q231_R20,Q231_R36,To all auto aficianados on QL ! ! ! !. Can we have a group for autos/cars..? (I'm no expert so I dont think I should start the group)...,gooood mooorrrniiiiinggggggggggg QL........... Goooooooooood Mooooooorrrrrrrrrrrnnnnnnnninnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg to all! 2nd day of Ramadan; and traffic was still light and easy this morning; thank goodness for that.......Anyways; another day has started; full of work; play; and lots of QL-ing lol!!!!! Rise and shine everyone; what's on your agenda today???,Irrelevant
4546,Q231_R27,Q231_R36,about QL points; what will happen if you have lots of points?????? just asking... ,gooood mooorrrniiiiinggggggggggg QL........... Goooooooooood Mooooooorrrrrrrrrrrnnnnnnnninnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg to all! 2nd day of Ramadan; and traffic was still light and easy this morning; thank goodness for that.......Anyways; another day has started; full of work; play; and lots of QL-ing lol!!!!! Rise and shine everyone; what's on your agenda today???,Irrelevant
4547,Q232_R30,Q232_R37,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
4548,Q232_R30,Q232_R40,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
4549,Q232_R30,Q232_R60,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
4550,Q232_R30,Q232_R61,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,Hamad Medical card. Can somebody tell me how to get this card for me and my family?Thanks.,Irrelevant
4551,Q232_R30,Q232_R81,Work VISA to Husband Sponsorship. Good day all! :) Can you please help me on what are the requirements of transferring my wife's business VISA to my sponsorship? Does she need to stay under her company's sponsorship for a specific amount of time or I can transfer her even if she had only stayed for 1 or 2 weeks? Thanks in advance everyone!!!,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
4552,Q232_R37,Q232_R40,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Irrelevant
4553,Q232_R37,Q232_R60,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
4554,Q232_R37,Q232_R61,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Hamad Medical card. Can somebody tell me how to get this card for me and my family?Thanks.,Irrelevant
4555,Q232_R37,Q232_R81,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
4556,Q232_R40,Q232_R60,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
4557,Q232_R40,Q232_R61,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,Hamad Medical card. Can somebody tell me how to get this card for me and my family?Thanks.,Irrelevant
4558,Q232_R40,Q232_R81,Moving from Dubai to Doha. My family and I are moving to Doha in August. We want to bring our 2 jeeps with us. I would like to drive both from Dubai to Doha. Can anyone tell me the procedure and paperwork needed? Also; can I drive my wife's car or can a friend drive it for her? And finally can I bring some of our personal effects with us in the car? If anyone can help with these questions that would be great.,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
4559,Q232_R60,Q232_R61,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Hamad Medical card. Can somebody tell me how to get this card for me and my family?Thanks.,Irrelevant
4560,Q232_R60,Q232_R81,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
4561,Q232_R61,Q232_R81,Hamad Medical card. Can somebody tell me how to get this card for me and my family?Thanks.,dog relocation to doha from the U.K. KLM have told me my Yorkshire Terrier is able to travel in the cabin with me from the U.K to Doha. Has anyone done this? 2 pet relocation companies have told me I cant and Im unsure whether they are telling me this to avoid getting their fee or whether I have been misinformed by KLM. Cost is not the issue; the wellbeing of our wonderful pet is.I really want the most stress free method of travel possible for her. Can anyone help.,Irrelevant
4562,Q235_R9,Q235_R13,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,Irrelevant
4563,Q235_R9,Q235_R14,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4564,Q235_R9,Q235_R21,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),Irrelevant
4565,Q235_R9,Q235_R23,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4566,Q235_R9,Q235_R25,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Irrelevant
4567,Q235_R9,Q235_R28,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4568,Q235_R9,Q235_R37,any one who likes cycling?. looking for somebody to ride with or any cycling club that will welcome me mail me at onin_edward@yahoo.com thanks.,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4569,Q235_R13,Q235_R14,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4570,Q235_R13,Q235_R21,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),Irrelevant
4571,Q235_R13,Q235_R23,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4572,Q235_R13,Q235_R25,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Irrelevant
4573,Q235_R13,Q235_R28,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4574,Q235_R13,Q235_R37,Cambridge for girls or Aljazeera Academy??. Hi there; been looking for schools for my 2 girls aged 5 & 7 to start in Jan 2008. Have to say its very difficult; finally today they found me spaces in Campridge school for girls. Anybody has info about this school? Aljazeera Academy said there "might" be spaces as well. Any advise on which is better?? thnx,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4575,Q235_R14,Q235_R21,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),Irrelevant
4576,Q235_R14,Q235_R23,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4577,Q235_R14,Q235_R25,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Irrelevant
4578,Q235_R14,Q235_R28,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4579,Q235_R14,Q235_R37,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4580,Q235_R21,Q235_R23,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4581,Q235_R21,Q235_R25,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Irrelevant
4582,Q235_R21,Q235_R28,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4583,Q235_R21,Q235_R37,Where did some of our regulars go?. It seems on QL we have all sorts of people; but there are a few regulars that I notice and I am sure all of you do too.  BUT; some have gone up and missing.  For instance; Tendai; e46; and chbck & mulie re-appeared after some time.  Hope y&#39;all come back an&#39; join us! ;),Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4584,Q235_R23,Q235_R25,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Irrelevant
4585,Q235_R23,Q235_R28,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4586,Q235_R23,Q235_R37,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4587,Q235_R25,Q235_R28,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
4588,Q235_R25,Q235_R37,Why Is Many Qataris' Driving Not Satisfactory to Many Expatriates?. I would like to know what makes many Qataris driving a problem. List your ideas; please. Land transportation is a real problem in Qatar.,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4589,Q235_R28,Q235_R37,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4590,Q237_R12,Q237_R15,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Irrelevant
4591,Q237_R12,Q237_R23,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4592,Q237_R12,Q237_R27,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4593,Q237_R12,Q237_R30,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Irrelevant
4594,Q237_R12,Q237_R31,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4595,Q237_R12,Q237_R38,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4596,Q237_R12,Q237_R58,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4597,Q237_R12,Q237_R65,any favours for qatar born expatriates?. well; as far as the western countries are concerned they are giving special care for the expat born there . i doesnt seem to happen here in qatar from the government point of view or i may dont know any such favours kindly reply with ur experience please.....,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4598,Q237_R15,Q237_R23,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4599,Q237_R15,Q237_R27,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4600,Q237_R15,Q237_R30,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Irrelevant
4601,Q237_R15,Q237_R31,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4602,Q237_R15,Q237_R38,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4603,Q237_R15,Q237_R58,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4604,Q237_R15,Q237_R65,Quraan Teachers. I am looking for a quraan teacher; or perhaps a good school for memorisation - perhaps someone can help me with this. Does anyone know if classes are given in the mosques around Doha for this as well? I am particualrly interested in the Umar bin Khattab masjid.,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4605,Q237_R23,Q237_R27,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Irrelevant
4606,Q237_R23,Q237_R30,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Irrelevant
4607,Q237_R23,Q237_R31,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4608,Q237_R23,Q237_R38,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4609,Q237_R23,Q237_R58,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4610,Q237_R23,Q237_R65,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4611,Q237_R27,Q237_R30,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Irrelevant
4612,Q237_R27,Q237_R31,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4613,Q237_R27,Q237_R38,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4614,Q237_R27,Q237_R58,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4615,Q237_R27,Q237_R65,can Qatari girls allow marry indian????. why Arab Girls NOt getting marry indian man,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4616,Q237_R30,Q237_R31,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Irrelevant
4617,Q237_R30,Q237_R38,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4618,Q237_R30,Q237_R58,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4619,Q237_R30,Q237_R65,Only For Ladies. I wasn't sure where to post this. Have any of you tried body sugaring? Can you recommend a place that will be gentle to beginners? Not too painful; not too judgmental; not too expensive..,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4620,Q237_R31,Q237_R38,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Irrelevant
4621,Q237_R31,Q237_R58,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4622,Q237_R31,Q237_R65,Qatari Wedding Secrets?. Okay Im not sure if this is appropiate; as I am not trying to offend anyone. But I keep hearing some Middle Eastern people tell me that the Qatari weddings are known for getting down and dirty. Behind all these smiles; no one tells me what this means.... Â What the heck happens at these weddings!??? I would really like to know!,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4623,Q237_R38,Q237_R58,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,Irrelevant
4624,Q237_R38,Q237_R65,Which Language is Spoken In Doha. What is the Spoken language in Doha is it Urdu or Arabic. Please let me know a website where I can learn the Spoken language in Doha?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4625,Q237_R58,Q237_R65,Qatarization. I have just been informed by my HR department that all 'secretarial' positions now must be Qatarized. Can some one confirm this please ?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
4626,Q238_R8,Q238_R10,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,Irrelevant
4627,Q238_R8,Q238_R13,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4628,Q238_R8,Q238_R21,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,Irrelevant
4629,Q238_R8,Q238_R22,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4630,Q238_R8,Q238_R30,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Irrelevant
4631,Q238_R8,Q238_R36,I'm visiting friends in qatar soon; is it ok to bring packed bacon into qatar?. ,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4632,Q238_R10,Q238_R13,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,Irrelevant
4633,Q238_R10,Q238_R21,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,Irrelevant
4634,Q238_R10,Q238_R22,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4635,Q238_R10,Q238_R30,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Irrelevant
4636,Q238_R10,Q238_R36,Why in Qatar they are issuing liquor license even to muslim peoples?. ,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4637,Q238_R13,Q238_R21,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,Irrelevant
4638,Q238_R13,Q238_R22,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4639,Q238_R13,Q238_R30,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Irrelevant
4640,Q238_R13,Q238_R36,Liquor License. Hi can someone please give me some information on getting a liquor license? Whats involved? What are the specifics of the license? How much does it cost etc? Thanks S,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4641,Q238_R21,Q238_R22,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Irrelevant
4642,Q238_R21,Q238_R30,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Irrelevant
4643,Q238_R21,Q238_R36,is pork illegal in qatar ?. is pork illegal in qatar ?,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4644,Q238_R22,Q238_R30,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Irrelevant
4645,Q238_R22,Q238_R36,What malt beverages does QDC carry?. A friend is going to QDC on my behalf (I don't have a licence yet); and I need to tell him what to buy. The catch is that the friend I am going with is a strict wine drinker and can't recall what's on offer beer-wise. For you beer drinkers; help a brother out: what is on the beer list at QDC? I want to stock up while I've got the opportunity. Thanks!,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4646,Q238_R30,Q238_R36,Just wondering IF..... guys need your guidance and knowledge when someone is flying into Qatar; what if any foods can you bring with you from the UK? Im thinking of packing suitcase with a number of foods just not sure if you can carry cans; packet things. Also what if you have a baby are you able to carry foods ie dried milk. Seems strange question but many a strange question have been asked like... is there life on MARs? (dont answer that one),Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4647,Q239_R54,Q239_R56,People outside of QDC. Qlers; Have you seen some people outside of QDC? well; last thrusday when I was parking there for buying my boost; a couple of guys (with a strong and recognizable accent) came to me and asked me for buying 4 bottles of whisky for them; and they would give me 500 QR for the "favor" on top of the bill.. Watch out.. Don't do that.. Keep on mind you are responsible for the liquor purshased in QDC. Pay attention to strangers outside QDC.. Cheers,Al Khor - Food and drink. Hi - which of the clubs in Al Khor serves alcohol? Or where can I get a drink of nice cold beer in Al Khor - except at home?,Irrelevant
4648,Q240_R3,Q240_R14,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Doha vs Jeddah. Does anyone prefer one over the other and why? thanks!,Irrelevant
4649,Q240_R3,Q240_R31,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Make up?. Hello everyone; I have recently moved to Doha; i was based in the UAE before and whenever i wanted to buy cosmetics(make up) i would go to specific small shops to get them; the reason behind this was the price would be about 30% less than the perfumes in fancy stores at malls. And yes; the products were absolutely genuine. Sme brans i bought were estee lauder; loreal; bobbi brown. So; are there such shops in Doha too? If yes; please give me their location. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4650,Q240_R3,Q240_R32,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
4651,Q240_R3,Q240_R35,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
4652,Q240_R3,Q240_R39,Doha vs Abu Dhabi. I know this may be a biased question in a Qatar forum; but honestly; what's your advice for someone having 2 quasi similar offers; one in Doha and 1 in Abu Dhabi? and of course mutually exclusive :-),Personal Trainer?. Hello; Does anyone here know a personal trainer living in Qatar? I'm in desperate search for one to train me throughout the whole Summer. If you know someone who's willing to come to my house (I have a gym) and train me 4-5 times a week; please leave there contact details in your comments. That would be so helpful as I have spent the past two weeks trying to find someone. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4653,Q240_R14,Q240_R31,Doha vs Jeddah. Does anyone prefer one over the other and why? thanks!,Make up?. Hello everyone; I have recently moved to Doha; i was based in the UAE before and whenever i wanted to buy cosmetics(make up) i would go to specific small shops to get them; the reason behind this was the price would be about 30% less than the perfumes in fancy stores at malls. And yes; the products were absolutely genuine. Sme brans i bought were estee lauder; loreal; bobbi brown. So; are there such shops in Doha too? If yes; please give me their location. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4654,Q240_R14,Q240_R32,Doha vs Jeddah. Does anyone prefer one over the other and why? thanks!,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
4655,Q240_R14,Q240_R35,Doha vs Jeddah. Does anyone prefer one over the other and why? thanks!,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
4656,Q240_R14,Q240_R39,Doha vs Jeddah. Does anyone prefer one over the other and why? thanks!,Personal Trainer?. Hello; Does anyone here know a personal trainer living in Qatar? I'm in desperate search for one to train me throughout the whole Summer. If you know someone who's willing to come to my house (I have a gym) and train me 4-5 times a week; please leave there contact details in your comments. That would be so helpful as I have spent the past two weeks trying to find someone. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4657,Q240_R31,Q240_R32,Make up?. Hello everyone; I have recently moved to Doha; i was based in the UAE before and whenever i wanted to buy cosmetics(make up) i would go to specific small shops to get them; the reason behind this was the price would be about 30% less than the perfumes in fancy stores at malls. And yes; the products were absolutely genuine. Sme brans i bought were estee lauder; loreal; bobbi brown. So; are there such shops in Doha too? If yes; please give me their location. Thank you.,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Irrelevant
4658,Q240_R31,Q240_R35,Make up?. Hello everyone; I have recently moved to Doha; i was based in the UAE before and whenever i wanted to buy cosmetics(make up) i would go to specific small shops to get them; the reason behind this was the price would be about 30% less than the perfumes in fancy stores at malls. And yes; the products were absolutely genuine. Sme brans i bought were estee lauder; loreal; bobbi brown. So; are there such shops in Doha too? If yes; please give me their location. Thank you.,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
4659,Q240_R31,Q240_R39,Make up?. Hello everyone; I have recently moved to Doha; i was based in the UAE before and whenever i wanted to buy cosmetics(make up) i would go to specific small shops to get them; the reason behind this was the price would be about 30% less than the perfumes in fancy stores at malls. And yes; the products were absolutely genuine. Sme brans i bought were estee lauder; loreal; bobbi brown. So; are there such shops in Doha too? If yes; please give me their location. Thank you.,Personal Trainer?. Hello; Does anyone here know a personal trainer living in Qatar? I'm in desperate search for one to train me throughout the whole Summer. If you know someone who's willing to come to my house (I have a gym) and train me 4-5 times a week; please leave there contact details in your comments. That would be so helpful as I have spent the past two weeks trying to find someone. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4660,Q240_R32,Q240_R35,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Irrelevant
4661,Q240_R32,Q240_R39,CALLING ALL FILIPINOS: Help.... hi guys! just want to have an idea on how to live there in qatar.. im from Philippines and ill be assigned there in New doha intl. airport as a site technician. with offer of 3400qr + 600qr(allowance) is it enough for me?my co workers said that 600 is good enough for every month. hope you can help me out for the cost of living there.. il be there on or before sept1 2011.. guys pls help me.. give me insights guys on how to survive there...,Personal Trainer?. Hello; Does anyone here know a personal trainer living in Qatar? I'm in desperate search for one to train me throughout the whole Summer. If you know someone who's willing to come to my house (I have a gym) and train me 4-5 times a week; please leave there contact details in your comments. That would be so helpful as I have spent the past two weeks trying to find someone. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4662,Q240_R35,Q240_R39,Where to buy Essential oils in Doha. Can anyone tell me if and where i am able to buy essential oils such as citronella; lavender etc from in Doha???,Personal Trainer?. Hello; Does anyone here know a personal trainer living in Qatar? I'm in desperate search for one to train me throughout the whole Summer. If you know someone who's willing to come to my house (I have a gym) and train me 4-5 times a week; please leave there contact details in your comments. That would be so helpful as I have spent the past two weeks trying to find someone. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4663,Q241_R19,Q241_R23,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Irrelevant
4664,Q241_R19,Q241_R37,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Irrelevant
4665,Q241_R19,Q241_R41,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Irrelevant
4666,Q241_R19,Q241_R42,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Irrelevant
4667,Q241_R19,Q241_R43,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Irrelevant
4668,Q241_R19,Q241_R47,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4669,Q241_R19,Q241_R92,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4670,Q241_R19,Q241_R97,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4671,Q241_R19,Q241_R98,REPOST: can anyone solve this problem?? (i need urgent answer please). click this link http://sadpanda.us/images/89410-KJKJC9F.jpg just to show the message that always pop up on my screen; its irritating and disturbing.is there a way to remove this permanently??how is the procedure?? please help.thanks! (MOD please dont remove havent found yet the solution;thanks),I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4672,Q241_R23,Q241_R37,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Irrelevant
4673,Q241_R23,Q241_R41,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Irrelevant
4674,Q241_R23,Q241_R42,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Irrelevant
4675,Q241_R23,Q241_R43,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Irrelevant
4676,Q241_R23,Q241_R47,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4677,Q241_R23,Q241_R92,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4678,Q241_R23,Q241_R97,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4679,Q241_R23,Q241_R98,Please; someone who truly knows the answer: Do I really need a no objection letter?. I am buying a used car from a private individual for which I am paying cash. I have done a search and am not quite finding the information I am looking for. Do I need a letter of no objection to do the transfer? I need an answer from someone who really knows for sure; not someone who is just guessing.,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4680,Q241_R37,Q241_R41,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Irrelevant
4681,Q241_R37,Q241_R42,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Irrelevant
4682,Q241_R37,Q241_R43,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Irrelevant
4683,Q241_R37,Q241_R47,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4684,Q241_R37,Q241_R92,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4685,Q241_R37,Q241_R97,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4686,Q241_R37,Q241_R98,Can some body answer my question please?. I am working in Doha for last five years; this is my 02nd sponsor; I am working with him for last three years. Can I get release from him as I got a good offer in QP.,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4687,Q241_R41,Q241_R42,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Irrelevant
4688,Q241_R41,Q241_R43,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Irrelevant
4689,Q241_R41,Q241_R47,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4690,Q241_R41,Q241_R92,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4691,Q241_R41,Q241_R97,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4692,Q241_R41,Q241_R98,Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?. I would like to bring my Wife and baby(one month)here. Please clarify my droughts.. 1. Need bank statement for applying Family visit visa ?(to extend up to 6 months) 2. Any salary constrain for applying family visit Visa? 3. What are the documents to be submitted? ( Pls dnt angry with me.I searched lot in QL. But the answers are not same),I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4693,Q241_R42,Q241_R43,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Irrelevant
4694,Q241_R42,Q241_R47,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4695,Q241_R42,Q241_R92,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4696,Q241_R42,Q241_R97,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4697,Q241_R42,Q241_R98,Please help me answer this.. If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front; would you be walking faster than the speed of sound?,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4698,Q241_R43,Q241_R47,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Irrelevant
4699,Q241_R43,Q241_R92,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4700,Q241_R43,Q241_R97,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4701,Q241_R43,Q241_R98,Survey - Honest answer please. I am getting fed up of these spammers with their sales pitches. My question - Does anyone actually visit their site or contact them regarding the items for sale ?,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4702,Q241_R47,Q241_R92,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Irrelevant
4703,Q241_R47,Q241_R97,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4704,Q241_R47,Q241_R98,Need a serious reply on this :). Can a foreigner obtain a firearm license in Qatar? I know most of you must ask why would I need a license in Qatar; but that's all together a different argument... Please answer only if you have understanding about arms and ammunition law of Qatar.,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4705,Q241_R92,Q241_R97,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,Irrelevant
4706,Q241_R92,Q241_R98,When do the bars open after Ramadan. I would just like to know when the hotel bars open after Ramadan. Will it be the 27th;28th July? or after Eid? Can't seem to find the answer on the internet. I've only been here a few months and have just recieved my RP during Ramadan. No alcohol at all for a month; i'm ready for a drink. Please get back to me if you know. Thanks K,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4707,Q241_R97,Q241_R98,Genius Qlers answer this. 9 = 72 8 = 56 7 = 42 6 = 30 5 = 20 3 = ??,I. Q Test:. --------------------- --------------------- Mother's Name is Mrs. SIXTY TWO Son's Name is FIFTY TWO Daughter's Name is FORTY TWO What is Name of Father ? ? Replay must if you are a genius!,Irrelevant
4708,Q242_R24,Q242_R36,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Visa processing time after approval. I had applied for the RP of my wife in labour department. It was approved and i was given a Visa No. with an advice to check on MOI.GOV.QA. I have been checking this site but it always says under processing. Does anyone knows how long it takes to get the visa? Is there any way i can get it faster?,Irrelevant
4709,Q243_R5,Q243_R12,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
4710,Q243_R5,Q243_R16,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
4711,Q243_R5,Q243_R20,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4712,Q243_R5,Q243_R23,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4713,Q243_R5,Q243_R39,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Irrelevant
4714,Q243_R5,Q243_R43,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4715,Q243_R5,Q243_R45,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4716,Q243_R5,Q243_R77,How to spend time on weekends at Doha?. Gets very boring on weekends I guess...Last weekend was one of the slowest in a long time.I was waiting for it to get over.What do people do on weekends here?,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4717,Q243_R12,Q243_R16,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Irrelevant
4718,Q243_R12,Q243_R20,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4719,Q243_R12,Q243_R23,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4720,Q243_R12,Q243_R39,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Irrelevant
4721,Q243_R12,Q243_R43,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4722,Q243_R12,Q243_R45,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4723,Q243_R12,Q243_R77,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4724,Q243_R16,Q243_R20,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4725,Q243_R16,Q243_R23,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4726,Q243_R16,Q243_R39,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Irrelevant
4727,Q243_R16,Q243_R43,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4728,Q243_R16,Q243_R45,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4729,Q243_R16,Q243_R77,Working in Hamad Medical Center; is it good?. Anyone here who's a Filipino working for Hamad Medical Center? Was it ok to work there? As a Filipino who will be getting QR 6;500 is that enough?,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4730,Q243_R20,Q243_R23,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Irrelevant
4731,Q243_R20,Q243_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Irrelevant
4732,Q243_R20,Q243_R43,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4733,Q243_R20,Q243_R45,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4734,Q243_R20,Q243_R77,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4735,Q243_R23,Q243_R39,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Irrelevant
4736,Q243_R23,Q243_R43,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4737,Q243_R23,Q243_R45,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4738,Q243_R23,Q243_R77,Why finding a job in Doha so hard?. Can somebody tell me how i get a good job in doha? i have an American passport and holding a husband visas; with a bachelor degree; speaking 3 languages; having a hard time to find a good job; i post my CV on many website including bayt.com and many more; but didn't get any respond. Thanks.,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4739,Q243_R39,Q243_R43,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Irrelevant
4740,Q243_R39,Q243_R45,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4741,Q243_R39,Q243_R77,You know you've been in Qatar too long when:. I think I've been here too long.. Was reading this morning's papers and read the headline "Malayalam police break up opposition rally" ... Had a good laugh to myself because it actually said "Malaysian police break up opposition rally" :O) SO! How do you know when you've been in Qatar/Middle East too long ??? (Keep it clean please),Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4742,Q243_R43,Q243_R45,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Irrelevant
4743,Q243_R43,Q243_R77,Deportation. A friend of mine got deported in february and he needs my help. He is not a criminal no...he had problems with his manager and they didnt get to an agreement. The company couldnt release him and his stubborness got him deported. His RP was only cancelled normally as a normal exit and he doesnt have a deportee sticker on his passport. Is there any chance for him to return to doha? and who has this information;can i call someone and check if he can return back? Immigration maybe?,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4744,Q243_R45,Q243_R77,Opinions of women living in Qatar. Hi Could you ladies please let me have feed back with regards to your lifestyle and living standrads in Doha. Do you enjoy living there? Whats it like to live there? If you had a choice would you like to be living Qatar; Abu Dhabi or Dubai? My husband has been offered a job in Doha and he is unsure if he should accept. Any help or advice about Doha would be a great help. Thankyou Sandra,Where to study Arabic?. Can someone recommend me a good arabic course? Preferrably with personal lessons; not a group; or a group of max. 2-3.,Irrelevant
4745,Q244_R12,Q244_R15,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,Irrelevant
4746,Q244_R12,Q244_R19,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),Irrelevant
4747,Q244_R12,Q244_R29,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,Irrelevant
4748,Q244_R12,Q244_R33,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,Irrelevant
4749,Q244_R12,Q244_R34,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,Irrelevant
4750,Q244_R12,Q244_R35,Finding a private English teacher. i can't belive it is very hard to find a private english teacher for my kids . i need a native English teacher with an experience in teaching english for kids . some of them are very expensive asking for 250 / hour which i cannot afford . i need to know where are all the schools teachers? none of them is giving private lessons for acceptable prices?,UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4751,Q244_R15,Q244_R19,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),Irrelevant
4752,Q244_R15,Q244_R29,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,Irrelevant
4753,Q244_R15,Q244_R33,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,Irrelevant
4754,Q244_R15,Q244_R34,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,Irrelevant
4755,Q244_R15,Q244_R35,Gluten Free in stock now?. Anybody know of a store which has any Gluten Free foods available right now?,UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4756,Q244_R19,Q244_R29,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,Irrelevant
4757,Q244_R19,Q244_R33,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,Irrelevant
4758,Q244_R19,Q244_R34,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,Irrelevant
4759,Q244_R19,Q244_R35,BAKING SODA. Heya.. Can somebody tell me where to buy baking soda? I tried looking for it in CF; LL but I coudnt seem to find it. They only have baking powder. By the way whats the different between the two? I am trying to bake oatmeal cookies. Please; moms out there; help me. Thanks alot! :),UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4760,Q244_R29,Q244_R33,Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,Irrelevant
4761,Q244_R29,Q244_R34,Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,Irrelevant
4762,Q244_R29,Q244_R35,Food Allergies. My children have recently been diagnosed with food allergies. Where can I buy wheat free products; or milk free products; or cheese free products?,UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4763,Q244_R33,Q244_R34,Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,Irrelevant
4764,Q244_R33,Q244_R35,Citizenship. If you were offered Qatari citizenship for you and your family; would you take it even it it meant having to give up citizenship to your home country? I know this never happens; blah; blah; blah. It's just a curiosity question for QLers.,UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4765,Q244_R34,Q244_R35,How can I cook these fish?. Can anyone help me to choose and cook some of the fish I see in the supermarkets; but have never heard of? I also find many of the vegetables new - can anyone list the most frequent fish and recommend a recipe? Many thanks,UN recognises Palestine as non-member state. The look on the Zionist's face....priceless! And the puppet state of Croatia voted no. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HP3moV2gi1s,Irrelevant
4766,Q245_R8,Q245_R17,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,Irrelevant
4767,Q245_R8,Q245_R18,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,Irrelevant
4768,Q245_R8,Q245_R19,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4769,Q245_R8,Q245_R27,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Irrelevant
4770,Q245_R8,Q245_R32,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Irrelevant
4771,Q245_R8,Q245_R34,Hotmail status???. Does anybody know why is Hotmail not working right now?,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4772,Q245_R17,Q245_R18,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,Irrelevant
4773,Q245_R17,Q245_R19,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4774,Q245_R17,Q245_R27,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Irrelevant
4775,Q245_R17,Q245_R32,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Irrelevant
4776,Q245_R17,Q245_R34,Where did everyone go?. Hello? Where did the list of who's online go? I feel lost and alone and I think the wolves are after me! :P,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4777,Q245_R18,Q245_R19,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,Irrelevant
4778,Q245_R18,Q245_R27,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Irrelevant
4779,Q245_R18,Q245_R32,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Irrelevant
4780,Q245_R18,Q245_R34,HELP! The preview comment function is getting on my nervs!. Any chance I can get rid of it and post comment straight away?,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4781,Q245_R19,Q245_R27,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Irrelevant
4782,Q245_R19,Q245_R32,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Irrelevant
4783,Q245_R19,Q245_R34,"QATAR IS THE PLACE TO BE IN". Hello; Could you all post a replies on why Qatar is the place to be in? I am a doing a research study on Qatar and will be presenting it to my classmates. Therefore; I certainly hope that they will be convinced that Qatar is a beautiful place to be in. So; I would like to hear some positive testimonials from the beautiful Qataris residents:) I will then present the testimonials to my classmates. Thank you.,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4784,Q245_R27,Q245_R32,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Irrelevant
4785,Q245_R27,Q245_R34,good morning QL!. Good morning to all QLers! it's the start of a brand new week...i have missed QL-ing for 2 days; so now it's another week for me! how was your weekend? hope you all had a great weekend as i did!!,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4786,Q245_R32,Q245_R34,Blind dates!. What do you think of blind dating? Anyone tried it before? To tell you the truth I blind dated once and it was the longest hour in my life. I was counting seconds to leave since nothing from what my friend discribed appeared to be true. (I smacked her head after that) Share your opinion & experiences.,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Irrelevant
4787,Q246_R27,Q246_R41,NRI Banking. Wanted to open a bank account where funds could be transferred online from a local bank here in Qatar to an NRE/NRI rupees account to an Indian bank in India. Came across two such options but unable to decide. Which is the better option in terms of features; ease of use; exchange rates and security? Doha-Axis Bank tie up OR Commercial - ICICI Bank aka "nriDirect Account" for Indians in Qatar?,Leaving without cancelling RP. I am planning to leave qatar without cancelling my RP in case i have to return back. I have 3 queries 1) Is there any additinal penalty except 2 years ban from RP expiry date? 2) Can i get another GCC country's RP during this validity period or even after expiry date? 3) Local Bank account will be shut automatically after RP expiry?  ,Irrelevant
4788,Q246_R27,Q246_R76,NRI Banking. Wanted to open a bank account where funds could be transferred online from a local bank here in Qatar to an NRE/NRI rupees account to an Indian bank in India. Came across two such options but unable to decide. Which is the better option in terms of features; ease of use; exchange rates and security? Doha-Axis Bank tie up OR Commercial - ICICI Bank aka "nriDirect Account" for Indians in Qatar?,Which is the best bank around??. Hi everybody; I need to open a bank account as soon as possible. Can you please advise on the best bank to deal with here? Thanks,Irrelevant
4789,Q246_R27,Q246_R77,NRI Banking. Wanted to open a bank account where funds could be transferred online from a local bank here in Qatar to an NRE/NRI rupees account to an Indian bank in India. Came across two such options but unable to decide. Which is the better option in terms of features; ease of use; exchange rates and security? Doha-Axis Bank tie up OR Commercial - ICICI Bank aka "nriDirect Account" for Indians in Qatar?,bank account. hi! which bank account is useful for me?,Irrelevant
4790,Q246_R41,Q246_R76,Leaving without cancelling RP. I am planning to leave qatar without cancelling my RP in case i have to return back. I have 3 queries 1) Is there any additinal penalty except 2 years ban from RP expiry date? 2) Can i get another GCC country's RP during this validity period or even after expiry date? 3) Local Bank account will be shut automatically after RP expiry?  ,Which is the best bank around??. Hi everybody; I need to open a bank account as soon as possible. Can you please advise on the best bank to deal with here? Thanks,Irrelevant
4791,Q246_R41,Q246_R77,Leaving without cancelling RP. I am planning to leave qatar without cancelling my RP in case i have to return back. I have 3 queries 1) Is there any additinal penalty except 2 years ban from RP expiry date? 2) Can i get another GCC country's RP during this validity period or even after expiry date? 3) Local Bank account will be shut automatically after RP expiry?  ,bank account. hi! which bank account is useful for me?,Irrelevant
4792,Q246_R76,Q246_R77,Which is the best bank around??. Hi everybody; I need to open a bank account as soon as possible. Can you please advise on the best bank to deal with here? Thanks,bank account. hi! which bank account is useful for me?,Irrelevant
4793,Q247_R14,Q247_R19,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Irrelevant
4794,Q247_R14,Q247_R31,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Irrelevant
4795,Q247_R14,Q247_R38,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
4796,Q247_R14,Q247_R41,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
4797,Q247_R14,Q247_R44,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Irrelevant
4798,Q247_R14,Q247_R46,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4799,Q247_R14,Q247_R57,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4800,Q247_R14,Q247_R59,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4801,Q247_R14,Q247_R62,Activities for newly wed. Any suggestion on activites around Doha for newly wed couple for 2 weeks of duration? we are coming in Nov.,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4802,Q247_R19,Q247_R31,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Irrelevant
4803,Q247_R19,Q247_R38,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
4804,Q247_R19,Q247_R41,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
4805,Q247_R19,Q247_R44,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Irrelevant
4806,Q247_R19,Q247_R46,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4807,Q247_R19,Q247_R57,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4808,Q247_R19,Q247_R59,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4809,Q247_R19,Q247_R62,ACS Doha. We are relocating from South Africa in July and I have literally applied to all the British and American schools for my 4 years son and been refused by each of them. We have however been lucky to get a spot at ACS Doha. I know its a new school; but has anyone heard anything about it and is there confirmation of whether they follow American or British curriculum?,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4810,Q247_R31,Q247_R38,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
4811,Q247_R31,Q247_R41,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
4812,Q247_R31,Q247_R44,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Irrelevant
4813,Q247_R31,Q247_R46,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4814,Q247_R31,Q247_R57,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4815,Q247_R31,Q247_R59,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4816,Q247_R31,Q247_R62,Gyms in Doha. I&#39;m moving to Doha soon; for five months initially; though it&#39;s possible I may settle long-term. I&#39;d like some advice on any good gyms in Doha. I can&#39;t seem to get any comprehensive information on the net. I&#39;d like a pool; sauna; gym; and a climbing wall would be a big plus. Any ideas or recommendations. How much would it cost? Thanks for any help you can give me.,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4817,Q247_R38,Q247_R41,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Irrelevant
4818,Q247_R38,Q247_R44,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Irrelevant
4819,Q247_R38,Q247_R46,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4820,Q247_R38,Q247_R57,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4821,Q247_R38,Q247_R59,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4822,Q247_R38,Q247_R62,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4823,Q247_R41,Q247_R44,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Irrelevant
4824,Q247_R41,Q247_R46,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4825,Q247_R41,Q247_R57,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4826,Q247_R41,Q247_R59,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4827,Q247_R41,Q247_R62,is there any baptist church there in qatar?. ,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4828,Q247_R44,Q247_R46,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Irrelevant
4829,Q247_R44,Q247_R57,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4830,Q247_R44,Q247_R59,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4831,Q247_R44,Q247_R62,School waiting list. I have seen some comments about waiting lists for schools... I would like to know is this for all grade levels?... My son will be going to seventh grade will this be a problem????,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4832,Q247_R46,Q247_R57,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Irrelevant
4833,Q247_R46,Q247_R59,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4834,Q247_R46,Q247_R62,Music classes.   Please ; I need to know some Music School in Doha ; where my son ; age 17 ; can study music . Can you help me ? Thank you !,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4835,Q247_R57,Q247_R59,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Irrelevant
4836,Q247_R57,Q247_R62,Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha?. Does anyone know of a krav mage; jkd or jujitsu school in doha? please post any details regarding this,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4837,Q247_R59,Q247_R62,Swimming and Piano Lessons. Does anyone know where children can go to Swimming and Piano Lessons?,Preschool or Kindergarten options in Doha. I have a 2 and a 7 month daughter who we intend to enter into a preschool/kindergarten so just as she won't get bored at home. I'm not thinking of the big schools like QIS or Doha School but a smaller group which has english as it's main language. Any ideas of such Kindergarten or Preschools and their contact numbers? thanks! regards; Xtian,Irrelevant
4838,Q248_R14,Q248_R31,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
4839,Q248_R14,Q248_R32,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,shisha smokers only. hello QL shisha people wondering about the best places that do shisha here in doha??and their price ranges? whats your favourite taste in shisha? and how often you go for it?? my favourite is cherry ... normally once or twice a month,Irrelevant
4840,Q248_R14,Q248_R37,Is 30000 QAR good enough salary for a couple to move to Qatar?. Moving to Qatar soon; have received an offer of QAR 30K; is that good enough for a couple to be in Qatar? We have No kids.,diet pills inquiry. my friend is quite overweight these past months upto these days;.;;; and she want to loose so fast.... she s doing exercise and all; but she want ... u know; take some pills... so now; she find this xenical... i just want to know if anyone taking this pill and was it really effective? just want to know all the info before she buy something.... thank you :),Irrelevant
4841,Q248_R31,Q248_R32,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,shisha smokers only. hello QL shisha people wondering about the best places that do shisha here in doha??and their price ranges? whats your favourite taste in shisha? and how often you go for it?? my favourite is cherry ... normally once or twice a month,Irrelevant
4842,Q248_R31,Q248_R37,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,diet pills inquiry. my friend is quite overweight these past months upto these days;.;;; and she want to loose so fast.... she s doing exercise and all; but she want ... u know; take some pills... so now; she find this xenical... i just want to know if anyone taking this pill and was it really effective? just want to know all the info before she buy something.... thank you :),Irrelevant
4843,Q248_R32,Q248_R37,shisha smokers only. hello QL shisha people wondering about the best places that do shisha here in doha??and their price ranges? whats your favourite taste in shisha? and how often you go for it?? my favourite is cherry ... normally once or twice a month,diet pills inquiry. my friend is quite overweight these past months upto these days;.;;; and she want to loose so fast.... she s doing exercise and all; but she want ... u know; take some pills... so now; she find this xenical... i just want to know if anyone taking this pill and was it really effective? just want to know all the info before she buy something.... thank you :),Irrelevant
4844,Q249_R20,Q249_R31,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Irrelevant
4845,Q249_R20,Q249_R33,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Irrelevant
4846,Q249_R20,Q249_R41,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,Irrelevant
4847,Q249_R20,Q249_R48,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Irrelevant
4848,Q249_R20,Q249_R50,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Irrelevant
4849,Q249_R20,Q249_R51,Your Cartoon Character?. Who is or was your and/or your kids' favorite Cartoon Character? Winnie the Pooh is mine; "Oh bother"...:) Salam,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4850,Q249_R31,Q249_R33,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Irrelevant
4851,Q249_R31,Q249_R41,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,Irrelevant
4852,Q249_R31,Q249_R48,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Irrelevant
4853,Q249_R31,Q249_R50,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Irrelevant
4854,Q249_R31,Q249_R51,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4855,Q249_R33,Q249_R41,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,Irrelevant
4856,Q249_R33,Q249_R48,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Irrelevant
4857,Q249_R33,Q249_R50,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Irrelevant
4858,Q249_R33,Q249_R51,Favourite supermarket in Doha. Which is your favourite supermarket/shopping mall? I love Carrefour and MegaMarkt; and City Center and Villaggio. But somehow from Lulu Hypermarket...it just freaks me out; I don't know why. What about you?,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4859,Q249_R41,Q249_R48,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Irrelevant
4860,Q249_R41,Q249_R50,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Irrelevant
4861,Q249_R41,Q249_R51,Uhh...men scratching their balls in public. Errm...is it also culture?,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4862,Q249_R48,Q249_R50,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Irrelevant
4863,Q249_R48,Q249_R51,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4864,Q249_R50,Q249_R51,how much PINAY nurse get$ at hamad hospital?. from average to higher level? answer this question and i will critic those nurses i have known... Mod comment: For continued violations on the Community Guidelines.. this thread has been locked,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
4865,Q250_R3,Q250_R53,HSBC Interest on loans. HI; I'm moving to Doha in April and I've been trying to research what the current Interest rates are for Vehicle and Personal loans as I will more than likely be needing a loan for a car whilst I am out there. I've managed to find the Commercial bank rate and QNB rate but I cant seem to find HSBC. Does anyone know what it is please? I'm looking at borrowing between 60;000 - 100;000 QR thanks,Best bank in Qatar?. Greetings everybody. I will like to see if someone can help me; I want to know which is the best bank in Qatar for opening a personal bank account. Best regards. Have a nice weekend everyone.,Irrelevant
4866,Q250_R3,Q250_R65,HSBC Interest on loans. HI; I'm moving to Doha in April and I've been trying to research what the current Interest rates are for Vehicle and Personal loans as I will more than likely be needing a loan for a car whilst I am out there. I've managed to find the Commercial bank rate and QNB rate but I cant seem to find HSBC. Does anyone know what it is please? I'm looking at borrowing between 60;000 - 100;000 QR thanks,What is a good Travel Agency in Doha either online or agent. Looking for a good website ar Agent that can help with finding good rates on flights to holiday destinations; any recommendations?,Irrelevant
4867,Q250_R53,Q250_R65,Best bank in Qatar?. Greetings everybody. I will like to see if someone can help me; I want to know which is the best bank in Qatar for opening a personal bank account. Best regards. Have a nice weekend everyone.,What is a good Travel Agency in Doha either online or agent. Looking for a good website ar Agent that can help with finding good rates on flights to holiday destinations; any recommendations?,Irrelevant
4868,Q251_R27,Q251_R28,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Irrelevant
4869,Q251_R27,Q251_R30,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,Irrelevant
4870,Q251_R27,Q251_R41,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
4871,Q251_R27,Q251_R42,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Irrelevant
4872,Q251_R27,Q251_R54,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Irrelevant
4873,Q251_R27,Q251_R62,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4874,Q251_R27,Q251_R68,What can women wear???. My wife and I are moving to Qatar in October from The USA (Texas) SHe is a bit concerned on what is proper dress for women. We have been told that anything is fine as long as her sholders are covered and her knees....She is very upset about having to "cover up" when its 115' degrees outside. What is acceptable?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4875,Q251_R28,Q251_R30,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,Irrelevant
4876,Q251_R28,Q251_R41,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
4877,Q251_R28,Q251_R42,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Irrelevant
4878,Q251_R28,Q251_R54,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Irrelevant
4879,Q251_R28,Q251_R62,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4880,Q251_R28,Q251_R68,Maternity clothes. Any advice on where to buy maternity clothes? So far; the few malls I've looked has either a terrible selection (i.e. a selection of 3 different items) or the prices are out of control. I'm to the point of buying online and paying to ship. Any ideas? (Please; serious comments only; I'm in no mood for sarcastic;silly; male humor this morning...),HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4881,Q251_R30,Q251_R41,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
4882,Q251_R30,Q251_R42,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Irrelevant
4883,Q251_R30,Q251_R54,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Irrelevant
4884,Q251_R30,Q251_R62,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4885,Q251_R30,Q251_R68,Mothercare. I'm moving to Doha soon-- and expecting. Is Mothercare there the same as in the UK; so I should be able to buy everything I need at a reasonable price? I'd be happy to find any decent alternative stores too! Thanks.,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4886,Q251_R41,Q251_R42,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Irrelevant
4887,Q251_R41,Q251_R54,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Irrelevant
4888,Q251_R41,Q251_R62,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4889,Q251_R41,Q251_R68,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4890,Q251_R42,Q251_R54,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Irrelevant
4891,Q251_R42,Q251_R62,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4892,Q251_R42,Q251_R68,Indian party wear. Where can I buy good quality Indian party wear in Doha? I found Bombay house to be too expensive. Also they have very limited selection. Please advise.,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4893,Q251_R54,Q251_R62,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,Irrelevant
4894,Q251_R54,Q251_R68,Wearing thongs; or flip flops. Just a question Is it acceptable for men and women to wear flip flops when walking around the streets and in shopping centres? Or do we always have to wear closed shoes Thanks,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4895,Q251_R62,Q251_R68,Appropriate clothing for the beach and gym??. Hi all; Are you able to clarify what is considered appropriate attire for females at the beach and gym? Thanks!,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
4896,Q252_R6,Q252_R8,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Irrelevant
4897,Q252_R6,Q252_R34,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
4898,Q252_R6,Q252_R43,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Madonna in Dubai. She's going to give a concert on 1st November (unfrotunate date for Catholics as 1st November is all Saints day). Who knows where and when I can buy tickets? I'd love to go and see her live..... If you have any info; please share it....,Irrelevant
4899,Q252_R6,Q252_R52,Visa for Dubai for Qatar RP Holder. I have heard that it&#39;s really fun to drive from Qatar to Dubai on the weekend (obviosly if you have a 4 X 4 Drive). My question is do I need to get a visa if I want to go to Dubai if I have a Residence Permit of Qatar?,Bahrain or Dubai?. Just found out that I need to fly out this weekend and come back. My application for family visa was denied because my husband is traveling at the moment . So which airport do I choose? I'll be traveling with 2 young children.,Irrelevant
4900,Q252_R8,Q252_R34,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Irrelevant
4901,Q252_R8,Q252_R43,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Madonna in Dubai. She's going to give a concert on 1st November (unfrotunate date for Catholics as 1st November is all Saints day). Who knows where and when I can buy tickets? I'd love to go and see her live..... If you have any info; please share it....,Irrelevant
4902,Q252_R8,Q252_R52,Fly dubai and On arrival visa. Im a Medical Specialist by profession and Qatar resident travelling with my wife and baby to Dubai. Will I and my family get on arrival visa in Dubai? Is it true that fly dubai wont allow us to board the flight from Doha as we dont have a pre arranged visa? I have already booked Fly Dubai ticket for all us online. What should be my next step? Waiting for answers from experienced travellers! Thank you.,Bahrain or Dubai?. Just found out that I need to fly out this weekend and come back. My application for family visa was denied because my husband is traveling at the moment . So which airport do I choose? I'll be traveling with 2 young children.,Irrelevant
4903,Q252_R34,Q252_R43,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Madonna in Dubai. She's going to give a concert on 1st November (unfrotunate date for Catholics as 1st November is all Saints day). Who knows where and when I can buy tickets? I'd love to go and see her live..... If you have any info; please share it....,Irrelevant
4904,Q252_R34,Q252_R52,Qatar Tourist Visa. Hello. Does anybody know the requirements for a Philippine citizen to get a Qatar Tourist Visa if the host will be the one to finance the trip? Do I need affidavit of support and the host's bank statement to present to the consul? I am planning to visit my fiance currently deployed in Qatar and he will be the one to sponsor the trip and the visa process. I will stay there for a week if ever granted a Qatar tourist visa. Any ideas please? Thanks.,Bahrain or Dubai?. Just found out that I need to fly out this weekend and come back. My application for family visa was denied because my husband is traveling at the moment . So which airport do I choose? I'll be traveling with 2 young children.,Irrelevant
4905,Q252_R43,Q252_R52,Madonna in Dubai. She's going to give a concert on 1st November (unfrotunate date for Catholics as 1st November is all Saints day). Who knows where and when I can buy tickets? I'd love to go and see her live..... If you have any info; please share it....,Bahrain or Dubai?. Just found out that I need to fly out this weekend and come back. My application for family visa was denied because my husband is traveling at the moment . So which airport do I choose? I'll be traveling with 2 young children.,Irrelevant
4906,Q255_R7,Q255_R11,Package holiday? Where to go to?. Hiya; is it possible to find good package holiday deals in Doha? And what locations would be suitable for a restful; quiet beach holiday; not too expensive and lets say 6 hours of travelling max in September/October?,Thai & Vietnam where u will go?. If you have 5 days in each country; where you will go & why? Please share your experiences in those country I will be overthere from the 22 of April. I already have The Lonely Planet Thailand & the Vietnam too. Thanks all Info it will be appreciated!!!,Irrelevant
4907,Q255_R7,Q255_R13,Package holiday? Where to go to?. Hiya; is it possible to find good package holiday deals in Doha? And what locations would be suitable for a restful; quiet beach holiday; not too expensive and lets say 6 hours of travelling max in September/October?,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Irrelevant
4908,Q255_R7,Q255_R17,Package holiday? Where to go to?. Hiya; is it possible to find good package holiday deals in Doha? And what locations would be suitable for a restful; quiet beach holiday; not too expensive and lets say 6 hours of travelling max in September/October?,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Irrelevant
4909,Q255_R7,Q255_R20,Package holiday? Where to go to?. Hiya; is it possible to find good package holiday deals in Doha? And what locations would be suitable for a restful; quiet beach holiday; not too expensive and lets say 6 hours of travelling max in September/October?,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
4910,Q255_R7,Q255_R34,Package holiday? Where to go to?. Hiya; is it possible to find good package holiday deals in Doha? And what locations would be suitable for a restful; quiet beach holiday; not too expensive and lets say 6 hours of travelling max in September/October?,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4911,Q255_R11,Q255_R13,Thai & Vietnam where u will go?. If you have 5 days in each country; where you will go & why? Please share your experiences in those country I will be overthere from the 22 of April. I already have The Lonely Planet Thailand & the Vietnam too. Thanks all Info it will be appreciated!!!,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Irrelevant
4912,Q255_R11,Q255_R17,Thai & Vietnam where u will go?. If you have 5 days in each country; where you will go & why? Please share your experiences in those country I will be overthere from the 22 of April. I already have The Lonely Planet Thailand & the Vietnam too. Thanks all Info it will be appreciated!!!,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Irrelevant
4913,Q255_R11,Q255_R20,Thai & Vietnam where u will go?. If you have 5 days in each country; where you will go & why? Please share your experiences in those country I will be overthere from the 22 of April. I already have The Lonely Planet Thailand & the Vietnam too. Thanks all Info it will be appreciated!!!,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
4914,Q255_R11,Q255_R34,Thai & Vietnam where u will go?. If you have 5 days in each country; where you will go & why? Please share your experiences in those country I will be overthere from the 22 of April. I already have The Lonely Planet Thailand & the Vietnam too. Thanks all Info it will be appreciated!!!,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4915,Q255_R13,Q255_R17,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Irrelevant
4916,Q255_R13,Q255_R20,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
4917,Q255_R13,Q255_R34,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4918,Q255_R17,Q255_R20,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Irrelevant
4919,Q255_R17,Q255_R34,HONEY MOON.... I want to get married within two months; 1.what is the best place you recommend to spend the honey moon ? 2. Anybody has his own experience or has ever lived in one of the countries below can provide me the cost of staying one week for 2 persons inculding residence;transportation;visiting tourist places;resturants... everthing.. an the follwing cities / countries : -Malysia -Paris -Italy -turkey -Morocco -Spain ACTUALLY I'M REALLY HESITANT.. PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE THANKS A LOT ..,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4920,Q255_R20,Q255_R34,MASSAGE PARLOUR. Does anyone have any experience at any massage parlour in Doha ? Where&#39;s the best place for gent&#39;s massage and what&#39;s the range of the price like ? Massage for men are all done by men ? I&#39;ve seen mushrooming number of Gents Saloons in Qatar......do they normally offer massage service or just hair cut ?,Is an electric guitar allowed to be hand carried in the plane?. ,Irrelevant
4921,Q256_R8,Q256_R12,money or son ?. whom should a mother choose; when it comes to decide between money or son ?,What do you want thatstruth??. Seriously what do you want? Attention? Praise?? Why do you feel the need to bother QL??,Irrelevant
4922,Q256_R8,Q256_R25,money or son ?. whom should a mother choose; when it comes to decide between money or son ?,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4923,Q256_R8,Q256_R31,money or son ?. whom should a mother choose; when it comes to decide between money or son ?,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4924,Q256_R8,Q256_R38,money or son ?. whom should a mother choose; when it comes to decide between money or son ?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
4925,Q256_R12,Q256_R25,What do you want thatstruth??. Seriously what do you want? Attention? Praise?? Why do you feel the need to bother QL??,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Irrelevant
4926,Q256_R12,Q256_R31,What do you want thatstruth??. Seriously what do you want? Attention? Praise?? Why do you feel the need to bother QL??,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4927,Q256_R12,Q256_R38,What do you want thatstruth??. Seriously what do you want? Attention? Praise?? Why do you feel the need to bother QL??,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
4928,Q256_R25,Q256_R31,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
4929,Q256_R25,Q256_R38,Which QLer you fancy meeting in person?. There are so many QLers may be around 300;000 some active; some not so active; some on read mode & some left the country; Some you may have met already some you may not have met...etc So if you were to meet face to face... which QLer you fancy meeting in person? Obviously... you cannot name a person you have already met!,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
4930,Q256_R31,Q256_R38,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
4931,Q257_R3,Q257_R8,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),Irrelevant
4932,Q257_R3,Q257_R10,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
4933,Q257_R3,Q257_R14,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,Irrelevant
4934,Q257_R3,Q257_R17,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Irrelevant
4935,Q257_R3,Q257_R22,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Irrelevant
4936,Q257_R3,Q257_R38,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4937,Q257_R3,Q257_R48,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4938,Q257_R3,Q257_R53,I am getting miss cals from +224 55201665. I am getting mis cals from +224 55201665 and other numbers but when i tried to call no reply can any body tell me is it any scam call or what? any one else facing this problem??? what to do kindly help me...,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4939,Q257_R8,Q257_R10,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Irrelevant
4940,Q257_R8,Q257_R14,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,Irrelevant
4941,Q257_R8,Q257_R17,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Irrelevant
4942,Q257_R8,Q257_R22,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Irrelevant
4943,Q257_R8,Q257_R38,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4944,Q257_R8,Q257_R48,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4945,Q257_R8,Q257_R53,Badminton Group-2013. Hello Everyone; Does anyone here knows an active group(s) who are playing Badminton in Doha? Can I join the group? If anybody here would like to play and create a group; please comment. So we can start playing. I am not a professional player but would like to use my free time playing Sports. Badminton is just right for me. thanks! :),why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4946,Q257_R10,Q257_R14,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,Irrelevant
4947,Q257_R10,Q257_R17,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Irrelevant
4948,Q257_R10,Q257_R22,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Irrelevant
4949,Q257_R10,Q257_R38,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4950,Q257_R10,Q257_R48,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4951,Q257_R10,Q257_R53,Al Khor. Dear all; I will be moving to Qatar with my family quite soon. I will be working in Ras Laffan and have been offered housing in Al Khor. Can anyone tell me something about Al Khor as a place to live with family (2 kids aged 4 and 6). How about schooling; facilities; entertainment; living conditions and environment? Can my wife easily find a job in Al Khor? Is Al Khor a nice place to live or should I insist on accommodation in Doha? KR Van,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4952,Q257_R14,Q257_R17,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Irrelevant
4953,Q257_R14,Q257_R22,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Irrelevant
4954,Q257_R14,Q257_R38,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4955,Q257_R14,Q257_R48,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4956,Q257_R14,Q257_R53,Would you tell anyone your problems?. If they say that we are not suppose to tell ANYONE our problems(including our best friends and relatives) because 20% of people around you don't care about it and the remaining 80% are happy that you have... Would you still tell them your problems?,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4957,Q257_R17,Q257_R22,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Irrelevant
4958,Q257_R17,Q257_R38,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4959,Q257_R17,Q257_R48,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4960,Q257_R17,Q257_R53,What do you tell to your wife?. What do you tell to your wife when she calls you at work? I kind of irritated sometimes because I don't even have anything to tell her other than... 1. hey how you doing 2. did you eat something before going to work 3. how's work 4. I will be home before 7:00 pm 5. what do you want for dinner this keeps going and going...Can you please give me any ideas what's the best thing to tell her to make her happy?,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4961,Q257_R22,Q257_R38,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Irrelevant
4962,Q257_R22,Q257_R48,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4963,Q257_R22,Q257_R53,Is it just me...Or does anyone else find working on a Saturday a waste of time ?. Here i am; sat in my office.All the office staff get a 2 day weekend; but my department only get 1 day off. Also;most of the companies here have 2 days off; including our own head office; so trying to catch people or arrange things is pointless. This seems like a waste of time to me ! I will sit here on QL till 14.30 and then go home.... Anyone else feel the same ????,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4964,Q257_R38,Q257_R48,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,Irrelevant
4965,Q257_R38,Q257_R53,first day in Doha and already homesick :(. I am excited to work in Doha. But when I arrive this morning in my accomodation; the homesick feeling came in.. I just cried. I know this is what I want maybe I just miss my family. Alone in a country with no friends is difficult. :( WHAT TO DO?,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4966,Q257_R48,Q257_R53,Hindi FM Radio in Qatar. Theres no hindi FM radio in Qatar like 89.1 or 101.6 UAE channels. Any one has an idea to set it up here? I think QL itself can try.,why asian guys can't get white girls. why do you think you only see's asian girls with white guys and never asian guy with white girl? why asian girls go for white guys? and its so rare to see the other way around. is it becuase asian guy are too shy? or is it about size and height? or maybe you guys have answer to all my questions... i just wana know myself coz im not an asian girl?,Irrelevant
4967,Q258_R28,Q258_R46,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
4968,Q258_R28,Q258_R48,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
4969,Q258_R28,Q258_R50,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Irrelevant
4970,Q258_R28,Q258_R64,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
4971,Q258_R28,Q258_R71,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Irrelevant
4972,Q258_R28,Q258_R77,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4973,Q258_R28,Q258_R78,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4974,Q258_R28,Q258_R85,how old baby can travel Qatar airways?. hi QLrs.. could u pls advice; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via Qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months?,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
4975,Q258_R46,Q258_R48,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Irrelevant
4976,Q258_R46,Q258_R50,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Irrelevant
4977,Q258_R46,Q258_R64,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
4978,Q258_R46,Q258_R71,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Irrelevant
4979,Q258_R46,Q258_R77,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4980,Q258_R46,Q258_R78,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4981,Q258_R46,Q258_R85,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
4982,Q258_R48,Q258_R50,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Irrelevant
4983,Q258_R48,Q258_R64,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
4984,Q258_R48,Q258_R71,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Irrelevant
4985,Q258_R48,Q258_R77,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4986,Q258_R48,Q258_R78,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4987,Q258_R48,Q258_R85,American Passports with Israeli stamps. I have some family members coming here for a visit and they have Israeli stamps in their passports. I just called the US embassy to see if there would be a problem for them on arrival. I was told that there is no problem whatsoever. Does anyone else have any experience of this? It would be a bummer to be turned away on arrival. ,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
4988,Q258_R50,Q258_R64,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Irrelevant
4989,Q258_R50,Q258_R71,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Irrelevant
4990,Q258_R50,Q258_R77,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4991,Q258_R50,Q258_R78,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4992,Q258_R50,Q258_R85,Do I need to renew my passport now?. My PP expires on 25th May (Final) and I wish to go for a short vacation in 9th April and return on 25th April; do I need to get my pass renewed before I travel?,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
4993,Q258_R64,Q258_R71,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Irrelevant
4994,Q258_R64,Q258_R77,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4995,Q258_R64,Q258_R78,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4996,Q258_R64,Q258_R85,Exit Permits. Hello everyone; i am coming to Doha soon from South Africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave; does anyone know what this means. Can i visit Dubai without an exit permit;Â  i know i cant come to South Africa with out a permit????,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
4997,Q258_R71,Q258_R77,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
4998,Q258_R71,Q258_R78,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
4999,Q258_R71,Q258_R85,Rant for the day. why is salary based on passports here? why why why why why why why why? if 2 people do the same work and 1 is even willing to work on weekends yet he is underpaid because of his passport why why why why? damn the racism!!,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
5000,Q258_R77,Q258_R78,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Irrelevant
5001,Q258_R77,Q258_R85,Is it allowed to travel to Qatar for post-op transgender girl?. My girlfriend is a Thai post-op transgender who underwent complete surgery so she is practically a woman. Still she has a male passport as it can't be changed according to the law of Thailand. Is it safe and allowed for her to visit Qatar at least for while? Any thoughts or advices are welcome please because the situation is rather untypical. Many thanks in advance!,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
5002,Q258_R78,Q258_R85,Dubai on Arrival Visa?. Hello all..! I decide to go for a visit to Dubai on Januvary 1st week;for Max of 7 days...! ma present visa status valid upto 20 months and visa is "Finnance Controller"...! Did am able to get On arrival visa..! and how can I proceed how much i have to pay and how long i can be there with this feslity..! Plz help me Its very urgent,Letter of invitaion Qatar embassy Philippines. Hello guys; can anyone tell me what kind of letter of invitation that they need in Qatar embassy Philippines. Because my mother went there and they didn't approve my mother's visa cause they need a letter of invitation from the sponsor or affidavit of support why they need those documents even I'm the sponsor of my mother. if ever I'll make a letter of invitation does the Airport Immigration in Philippines will grant it?; Thanks.,Irrelevant
5003,Q259_R27,Q259_R28,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Irrelevant
5004,Q259_R27,Q259_R29,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Irrelevant
5005,Q259_R27,Q259_R51,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Help!! How to stop severe hair fall. I know this topic has been beaten to a pulp; so to speak. But my problem is not Male Pattern Baldness (Alopecia) which is genetic and can't be stopped; for now. I'm starting to lose much more than the normal amount of hair that falls every day. Does anyone out there know or is using some home remedy to stop hair fall? Please share. I'm worried that if it continues; it will result to something like this:,Irrelevant
5006,Q259_R28,Q259_R29,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Irrelevant
5007,Q259_R28,Q259_R51,Hair Fall. Salam Everyone and Hi; I arrived here in Doha few months ago.Suddenly I have started suffering from a great Hair Loss can anyone tell what is the problem? Is it problem with the water here?? Is using mineral water ok?? I don't wanna lose my hairs I am just 25...:P Regard's,Help!! How to stop severe hair fall. I know this topic has been beaten to a pulp; so to speak. But my problem is not Male Pattern Baldness (Alopecia) which is genetic and can't be stopped; for now. I'm starting to lose much more than the normal amount of hair that falls every day. Does anyone out there know or is using some home remedy to stop hair fall? Please share. I'm worried that if it continues; it will result to something like this:,Irrelevant
5008,Q259_R29,Q259_R51,Cost of Petrol and Diesel in Qatar. Help; what is the current cost of petrol and diesel in qatar?,Help!! How to stop severe hair fall. I know this topic has been beaten to a pulp; so to speak. But my problem is not Male Pattern Baldness (Alopecia) which is genetic and can't be stopped; for now. I'm starting to lose much more than the normal amount of hair that falls every day. Does anyone out there know or is using some home remedy to stop hair fall? Please share. I'm worried that if it continues; it will result to something like this:,Irrelevant
5009,Q261_R10,Q261_R18,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,Irrelevant
5010,Q261_R10,Q261_R19,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5011,Q261_R10,Q261_R24,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
5012,Q261_R10,Q261_R30,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,Irrelevant
5013,Q261_R10,Q261_R33,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,Irrelevant
5014,Q261_R10,Q261_R37,Salary range for network engineer. i have got an offer for the post of network engineer ;my offer is basic salary 10;000 riyals and family accomodation; am a cisco certified engineer with 4 + years experience;can some one tell me whether this is a good offer?also can some one share what is the salary range of network engineer/administrator in government and semi-government sector???,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5015,Q261_R18,Q261_R19,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5016,Q261_R18,Q261_R24,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
5017,Q261_R18,Q261_R30,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,Irrelevant
5018,Q261_R18,Q261_R33,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,Irrelevant
5019,Q261_R18,Q261_R37,About the job oppourtinites for Women in Doha. hi; How about the job oppourtinites are there in doha for women who had IT experience? with regards A.Aravind,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5020,Q261_R19,Q261_R24,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Irrelevant
5021,Q261_R19,Q261_R30,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,Irrelevant
5022,Q261_R19,Q261_R33,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,Irrelevant
5023,Q261_R19,Q261_R37,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5024,Q261_R24,Q261_R30,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,Irrelevant
5025,Q261_R24,Q261_R33,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,Irrelevant
5026,Q261_R24,Q261_R37,Are there part-time jobs for teenagers and students that can earn them money?. I'm 17 years old and since everything is expensive in Qatar; my monthly allowance isn't enough and I would like to know if there is any part time jobs out there for students that can give both money and experience at the same time.,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5027,Q261_R30,Q261_R33,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,Irrelevant
5028,Q261_R30,Q261_R37,Salaries In Qatar Airways for ground Staff. Hi Guys; How much is the salaries of Qatar Airways ground staff? For junior and Senior positions. Please advise me the Range not looking for specific.,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5029,Q261_R33,Q261_R37,Legal jobs. Hi My husband just accepted a job in Doha and so we will be moving there in April 2008. I have an LLB law degree with some legal experience (more in-house).....I am looking for a legal support role rather than a trainee role.....does anyone possibly know about any legal positions available in Doha? Or if anyone could give me some advice about the legal industry there....it would be much appreciated!!,need teacher assistant job. Salam u Alikum Friends!! M new in this community. Wanna Ask if someone know about vacancies for teacher assitants in kindergardens? Thank you :),Irrelevant
5030,Q262_R37,Q262_R55,nursery school teacher salary ?. Hello I am american with a masters degree from the US. I wanted to apply for a teaching position in qatar and was wondering what the salary was for a Nursery School Teacher? Can someone please let me know. I know there is a difference in pay for US/British nationals and people that apply from let's say India. Is it like that for nursery schools as well?,Star Fish Nursery School; Doha. Does anyone have kids in or have any experience with Star Fish Nursery School in Doha? We are considering sending one of our kids there and want to find out if it is a nice school with nice teachers?,Irrelevant
5031,Q262_R37,Q262_R60,nursery school teacher salary ?. Hello I am american with a masters degree from the US. I wanted to apply for a teaching position in qatar and was wondering what the salary was for a Nursery School Teacher? Can someone please let me know. I know there is a difference in pay for US/British nationals and people that apply from let's say India. Is it like that for nursery schools as well?,Nursery for Plants. Hi! Does anyone know of any Nurseries for Plants in Doha? What kind of Plants do you get there? How feasible is it to have a garden in Doha considering the extreme climate? Any body who has orchids at home? Please lemme know. Thanks in advance Someonenew,Irrelevant
5032,Q262_R55,Q262_R60,Star Fish Nursery School; Doha. Does anyone have kids in or have any experience with Star Fish Nursery School in Doha? We are considering sending one of our kids there and want to find out if it is a nice school with nice teachers?,Nursery for Plants. Hi! Does anyone know of any Nurseries for Plants in Doha? What kind of Plants do you get there? How feasible is it to have a garden in Doha considering the extreme climate? Any body who has orchids at home? Please lemme know. Thanks in advance Someonenew,Irrelevant
5033,Q263_R26,Q263_R32,13000QAR all inclusive. Hi there; i got an offer to work in Qatar. The package they are offering is roughly around 13000QAR including housing & transport allowance. It is enough for me? I am currently single and planning to get married next year. I am wondering if I could save some money. Maybe 2000-3000QAR per month. Appreciate your feedback. Thanks.,Is it possible to get married a Filipina Lady(Christian) with an Egyptian guy(Muslim)?. Known somebody whose asking this kind a question;;; hope somebody can give us an answer. thanks,Irrelevant
5034,Q264_R28,Q264_R31,Oi!!! :D. Hiiii any young brits here? I feel home sick :(,Cambodia!!. Any Cambodian here? hands up!,Irrelevant
5035,Q264_R28,Q264_R41,Oi!!! :D. Hiiii any young brits here? I feel home sick :(,Which date do the bars open post Ramadan?. I have spent about an hour on the net figuring out when the bars in Doha will open after Ramadan. No luck. Does anyone happen to know???? I have been in Doha a hectic 10 days now and I do believe a drink or two would do me good......Sigh!!!,Irrelevant
5036,Q264_R28,Q264_R43,Oi!!! :D. Hiiii any young brits here? I feel home sick :(,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Irrelevant
5037,Q264_R28,Q264_R46,Oi!!! :D. Hiiii any young brits here? I feel home sick :(,Pork in doha. Guys; do you have any idea if pork license is needed to buy pork at QDC? If so; What are the qualifications.. I heard they only sell sausages..,Irrelevant
5038,Q264_R28,Q264_R47,Oi!!! :D. Hiiii any young brits here? I feel home sick :(,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5039,Q264_R31,Q264_R41,Cambodia!!. Any Cambodian here? hands up!,Which date do the bars open post Ramadan?. I have spent about an hour on the net figuring out when the bars in Doha will open after Ramadan. No luck. Does anyone happen to know???? I have been in Doha a hectic 10 days now and I do believe a drink or two would do me good......Sigh!!!,Irrelevant
5040,Q264_R31,Q264_R43,Cambodia!!. Any Cambodian here? hands up!,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Irrelevant
5041,Q264_R31,Q264_R46,Cambodia!!. Any Cambodian here? hands up!,Pork in doha. Guys; do you have any idea if pork license is needed to buy pork at QDC? If so; What are the qualifications.. I heard they only sell sausages..,Irrelevant
5042,Q264_R31,Q264_R47,Cambodia!!. Any Cambodian here? hands up!,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5043,Q264_R41,Q264_R43,Which date do the bars open post Ramadan?. I have spent about an hour on the net figuring out when the bars in Doha will open after Ramadan. No luck. Does anyone happen to know???? I have been in Doha a hectic 10 days now and I do believe a drink or two would do me good......Sigh!!!,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Irrelevant
5044,Q264_R41,Q264_R46,Which date do the bars open post Ramadan?. I have spent about an hour on the net figuring out when the bars in Doha will open after Ramadan. No luck. Does anyone happen to know???? I have been in Doha a hectic 10 days now and I do believe a drink or two would do me good......Sigh!!!,Pork in doha. Guys; do you have any idea if pork license is needed to buy pork at QDC? If so; What are the qualifications.. I heard they only sell sausages..,Irrelevant
5045,Q264_R41,Q264_R47,Which date do the bars open post Ramadan?. I have spent about an hour on the net figuring out when the bars in Doha will open after Ramadan. No luck. Does anyone happen to know???? I have been in Doha a hectic 10 days now and I do believe a drink or two would do me good......Sigh!!!,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5046,Q264_R43,Q264_R46,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Pork in doha. Guys; do you have any idea if pork license is needed to buy pork at QDC? If so; What are the qualifications.. I heard they only sell sausages..,Irrelevant
5047,Q264_R43,Q264_R47,Doha Rock Festival. When will it happen? Like Dubai Desert Rock Festival; would you want to have a rock festival here? And which bands do you want to be on stage? Agree or Disagree? Vote...,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5048,Q264_R46,Q264_R47,Pork in doha. Guys; do you have any idea if pork license is needed to buy pork at QDC? If so; What are the qualifications.. I heard they only sell sausages..,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5049,Q266_R25,Q266_R31,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,BBQ grill; should I bring one from US?. Should I bring BBQ gas/propane grill with me from the U.S. or would I be able to purchase a quality one at a good price in Qatar? If I should bring one with me any issues with the US connections for propane/gas tank or should I bring the tank with me as well?,Irrelevant
5050,Q266_R25,Q266_R35,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Outback Australia. What do you think life in the Australian outback would be like?,Irrelevant
5051,Q266_R25,Q266_R55,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
5052,Q266_R25,Q266_R61,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,DUST STORM!!!. Anybody experienced like this here in Qatar? . Dust storm blankets Sydney; Australia... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthpicturegalleries/6221619/Dust-storm-blankets-Sydney-Australia.html?image=2,Irrelevant
5053,Q266_R25,Q266_R65,Pc Modders And Gamers.... Any Pc Modders here?? Any hardcore gamers around?? If yes; then this is the place for you all... Discussing about Pc Modifications; Building Higher End Rigs; Computer related discussions; doubts anything...,What is the way to STOP hair falling in middle-east???. Any recommendation on specific brand shampoo or conditioner or any other therapy? I lost 35% of my hair already...please help me to save the rest.,Irrelevant
5054,Q266_R31,Q266_R35,BBQ grill; should I bring one from US?. Should I bring BBQ gas/propane grill with me from the U.S. or would I be able to purchase a quality one at a good price in Qatar? If I should bring one with me any issues with the US connections for propane/gas tank or should I bring the tank with me as well?,Outback Australia. What do you think life in the Australian outback would be like?,Irrelevant
5055,Q266_R31,Q266_R55,BBQ grill; should I bring one from US?. Should I bring BBQ gas/propane grill with me from the U.S. or would I be able to purchase a quality one at a good price in Qatar? If I should bring one with me any issues with the US connections for propane/gas tank or should I bring the tank with me as well?,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
5056,Q266_R31,Q266_R61,BBQ grill; should I bring one from US?. Should I bring BBQ gas/propane grill with me from the U.S. or would I be able to purchase a quality one at a good price in Qatar? If I should bring one with me any issues with the US connections for propane/gas tank or should I bring the tank with me as well?,DUST STORM!!!. Anybody experienced like this here in Qatar? . Dust storm blankets Sydney; Australia... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthpicturegalleries/6221619/Dust-storm-blankets-Sydney-Australia.html?image=2,Irrelevant
5057,Q266_R31,Q266_R65,BBQ grill; should I bring one from US?. Should I bring BBQ gas/propane grill with me from the U.S. or would I be able to purchase a quality one at a good price in Qatar? If I should bring one with me any issues with the US connections for propane/gas tank or should I bring the tank with me as well?,What is the way to STOP hair falling in middle-east???. Any recommendation on specific brand shampoo or conditioner or any other therapy? I lost 35% of my hair already...please help me to save the rest.,Irrelevant
5058,Q266_R35,Q266_R55,Outback Australia. What do you think life in the Australian outback would be like?,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,Irrelevant
5059,Q266_R35,Q266_R61,Outback Australia. What do you think life in the Australian outback would be like?,DUST STORM!!!. Anybody experienced like this here in Qatar? . Dust storm blankets Sydney; Australia... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthpicturegalleries/6221619/Dust-storm-blankets-Sydney-Australia.html?image=2,Irrelevant
5060,Q266_R35,Q266_R65,Outback Australia. What do you think life in the Australian outback would be like?,What is the way to STOP hair falling in middle-east???. Any recommendation on specific brand shampoo or conditioner or any other therapy? I lost 35% of my hair already...please help me to save the rest.,Irrelevant
5061,Q266_R55,Q266_R61,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,DUST STORM!!!. Anybody experienced like this here in Qatar? . Dust storm blankets Sydney; Australia... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthpicturegalleries/6221619/Dust-storm-blankets-Sydney-Australia.html?image=2,Irrelevant
5062,Q266_R55,Q266_R65,Teachers heading to AKIS Al Khor?. Anybody else out there starting at Al Khor International School in September 2010? Would be good to make some contacts in advance; share info etc. Already have a colleague there that I used to work with (2 in fact) but keen to hear from others too.,What is the way to STOP hair falling in middle-east???. Any recommendation on specific brand shampoo or conditioner or any other therapy? I lost 35% of my hair already...please help me to save the rest.,Irrelevant
5063,Q266_R61,Q266_R65,DUST STORM!!!. Anybody experienced like this here in Qatar? . Dust storm blankets Sydney; Australia... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthpicturegalleries/6221619/Dust-storm-blankets-Sydney-Australia.html?image=2,What is the way to STOP hair falling in middle-east???. Any recommendation on specific brand shampoo or conditioner or any other therapy? I lost 35% of my hair already...please help me to save the rest.,Irrelevant
5064,Q269_R10,Q269_R20,Best Places to live in in DOHA ?. hi QL where is the best place to live in Doha for a family with children and the average prices for each on U/F basis for 2 rooms for quits and clean and modern areas :),Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Irrelevant
5065,Q269_R10,Q269_R29,Best Places to live in in DOHA ?. hi QL where is the best place to live in Doha for a family with children and the average prices for each on U/F basis for 2 rooms for quits and clean and modern areas :),Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
5066,Q269_R10,Q269_R38,Best Places to live in in DOHA ?. hi QL where is the best place to live in Doha for a family with children and the average prices for each on U/F basis for 2 rooms for quits and clean and modern areas :),Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Irrelevant
5067,Q269_R10,Q269_R40,Best Places to live in in DOHA ?. hi QL where is the best place to live in Doha for a family with children and the average prices for each on U/F basis for 2 rooms for quits and clean and modern areas :),Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5068,Q269_R10,Q269_R43,Best Places to live in in DOHA ?. hi QL where is the best place to live in Doha for a family with children and the average prices for each on U/F basis for 2 rooms for quits and clean and modern areas :),Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5069,Q269_R20,Q269_R29,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Irrelevant
5070,Q269_R20,Q269_R38,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Irrelevant
5071,Q269_R20,Q269_R40,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5072,Q269_R20,Q269_R43,Favorite Shisha Place !. Hi all; - Do you like to smoke Shisha? - what's favor you like? and where is the place you going for Shisha?,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5073,Q269_R29,Q269_R38,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Irrelevant
5074,Q269_R29,Q269_R40,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5075,Q269_R29,Q269_R43,Best Credit Card in Doha. I would like to apply for a credit card that gives me Points when i spend and not just a simple card that does not get me anything in return for using it... Which card would you recommend gives the most reward for using the card and which card should i stay away from?? (PS I understand that i would either need to shift my salary to the bank or put a deposit of some sort...) thanks!!,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5076,Q269_R38,Q269_R40,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5077,Q269_R38,Q269_R43,Best place for massage. Tell me; where is the best place to go for a massage? Mind you; I don't want to spend 1000QR for it... (Guys; please don't come up with answers that you would gladly do it yourself; plz...) ,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5078,Q269_R40,Q269_R43,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5079,Q271_R24,Q271_R38,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Irrelevant
5080,Q271_R24,Q271_R57,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,Irrelevant
5081,Q271_R24,Q271_R59,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),Irrelevant
5082,Q271_R24,Q271_R63,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,Irrelevant
5083,Q271_R24,Q271_R70,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5084,Q271_R24,Q271_R71,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5085,Q271_R24,Q271_R74,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5086,Q271_R38,Q271_R57,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,Irrelevant
5087,Q271_R38,Q271_R59,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),Irrelevant
5088,Q271_R38,Q271_R63,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,Irrelevant
5089,Q271_R38,Q271_R70,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5090,Q271_R38,Q271_R71,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5091,Q271_R38,Q271_R74,How much disposable income do I need?.. I have been offered a teaching post in Doha. An apartment will be provided along with medical cover and a few other benefits such as travel to work each day. I have been offered 8500 QAR per month; which is around £1400 per month. This is a huge pay cut for me. After my UK expenses I'm left with just over £200 of 1500 QAR per month. Will this be enough to live on?,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5092,Q271_R57,Q271_R59,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),Irrelevant
5093,Q271_R57,Q271_R63,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,Irrelevant
5094,Q271_R57,Q271_R70,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5095,Q271_R57,Q271_R71,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5096,Q271_R57,Q271_R74,Car Ownership Transfer. IS anyone knows if it is possible to transfer the car ownership while its having violation?and the new owner is will be willing to accept the violation.is it possible?,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5097,Q271_R59,Q271_R63,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,Irrelevant
5098,Q271_R59,Q271_R70,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5099,Q271_R59,Q271_R71,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5100,Q271_R59,Q271_R74,Has anyone lived in Cairo as an expat?. I'll be off to Cairo in the next three or four weeks; since my husband has been transfered there for two years? Did you love living in Cairo; or hated it? Why? How does it compare to Qatar? Tell me about it... (Desperately trying to find a Cairoliving website!),work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5101,Q271_R63,Q271_R70,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5102,Q271_R63,Q271_R71,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5103,Q271_R63,Q271_R74,Would you hire an interior designer?. Hi everyone; I just wanted to do a survey and see how many of you; people already in Doha and people coming to Doha; would hire the services of a professional interior designer to design your home rather than do the thinking; designing; shopping; dealing with contractors yourself. And would you want something creative; a designer home or just home furnishing.,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5104,Q271_R70,Q271_R71,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,Irrelevant
5105,Q271_R70,Q271_R74,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5106,Q271_R71,Q271_R74,Commute times Doha Airport. Hi all! Husband and I will be moving to Doha in January; we're looking at Lusail/Pearl area; but he will be working at the Doha Airport; any idea on what the commute time is in the mornings/afternoons? Thanks so much! Kiki,work and life in qatar. I'm from the philippines. They offer me in qatar 3000 QR plus free accomodation and transportation to work. I wanted to know if that salary is suitable in doha; qatar. Is the cost of living in doha; qatar higher than other country like saudi etc? How much can I spend for food? please estimate. anyway I'm single. I also wanted to know if it is okay to go out of qatar with your friends both guys and girls?,Irrelevant
5107,Q273_R7,Q273_R33,Giving birth in Al Ahli Hospital. Hello; i'm 4 months pregnant and i have been seeing Dr. Najla at Al Ahli hospital. I plan to give birth there and i really aprecciate some considerations from women who had delivered there. How was the deliver? It was normal labour or c-section? Are the nurses well prepared to take care of the babies?? Please; any information will be very important. Thanks,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5108,Q273_R7,Q273_R56,Giving birth in Al Ahli Hospital. Hello; i'm 4 months pregnant and i have been seeing Dr. Najla at Al Ahli hospital. I plan to give birth there and i really aprecciate some considerations from women who had delivered there. How was the deliver? It was normal labour or c-section? Are the nurses well prepared to take care of the babies?? Please; any information will be very important. Thanks,Schools to remain closed after 4th Oct?. rumours are circulating that the schools will not re open on the 4th Oct but will remain closed for longer. Anyone know the truth? Anyone in the Min of Ed willing to help parents; schools businesses in Qatar out of this uncertainty and give an unequivocal answer? "An education isn't how much you have committed to memory; or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't.",Irrelevant
5109,Q273_R7,Q273_R60,Giving birth in Al Ahli Hospital. Hello; i'm 4 months pregnant and i have been seeing Dr. Najla at Al Ahli hospital. I plan to give birth there and i really aprecciate some considerations from women who had delivered there. How was the deliver? It was normal labour or c-section? Are the nurses well prepared to take care of the babies?? Please; any information will be very important. Thanks,Anthrax...So we did it to ourselves???. Hmmmmmmm..... I think someone made a lot of money on the cure??? I wonder who...We spent billions to not get it... And were the ones who made it... All those shots for nothing... Freaking Liars... Shyt,Irrelevant
5110,Q273_R7,Q273_R76,Giving birth in Al Ahli Hospital. Hello; i'm 4 months pregnant and i have been seeing Dr. Najla at Al Ahli hospital. I plan to give birth there and i really aprecciate some considerations from women who had delivered there. How was the deliver? It was normal labour or c-section? Are the nurses well prepared to take care of the babies?? Please; any information will be very important. Thanks,Can I bring my pitbulls to Qatar?. I am considering getting a job in Qatar and I have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls. Apparently this breed is banned. Would I have trouble importing them? If anything happened to the dogs; my husband would die; and he will not leave them in Canada if we go away. So I have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job.,Irrelevant
5111,Q273_R33,Q273_R56,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Schools to remain closed after 4th Oct?. rumours are circulating that the schools will not re open on the 4th Oct but will remain closed for longer. Anyone know the truth? Anyone in the Min of Ed willing to help parents; schools businesses in Qatar out of this uncertainty and give an unequivocal answer? "An education isn't how much you have committed to memory; or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't.",Irrelevant
5112,Q273_R33,Q273_R60,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Anthrax...So we did it to ourselves???. Hmmmmmmm..... I think someone made a lot of money on the cure??? I wonder who...We spent billions to not get it... And were the ones who made it... All those shots for nothing... Freaking Liars... Shyt,Irrelevant
5113,Q273_R33,Q273_R76,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Can I bring my pitbulls to Qatar?. I am considering getting a job in Qatar and I have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls. Apparently this breed is banned. Would I have trouble importing them? If anything happened to the dogs; my husband would die; and he will not leave them in Canada if we go away. So I have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job.,Irrelevant
5114,Q273_R56,Q273_R60,Schools to remain closed after 4th Oct?. rumours are circulating that the schools will not re open on the 4th Oct but will remain closed for longer. Anyone know the truth? Anyone in the Min of Ed willing to help parents; schools businesses in Qatar out of this uncertainty and give an unequivocal answer? "An education isn't how much you have committed to memory; or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't.",Anthrax...So we did it to ourselves???. Hmmmmmmm..... I think someone made a lot of money on the cure??? I wonder who...We spent billions to not get it... And were the ones who made it... All those shots for nothing... Freaking Liars... Shyt,Irrelevant
5115,Q273_R56,Q273_R76,Schools to remain closed after 4th Oct?. rumours are circulating that the schools will not re open on the 4th Oct but will remain closed for longer. Anyone know the truth? Anyone in the Min of Ed willing to help parents; schools businesses in Qatar out of this uncertainty and give an unequivocal answer? "An education isn't how much you have committed to memory; or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't.",Can I bring my pitbulls to Qatar?. I am considering getting a job in Qatar and I have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls. Apparently this breed is banned. Would I have trouble importing them? If anything happened to the dogs; my husband would die; and he will not leave them in Canada if we go away. So I have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job.,Irrelevant
5116,Q273_R60,Q273_R76,Anthrax...So we did it to ourselves???. Hmmmmmmm..... I think someone made a lot of money on the cure??? I wonder who...We spent billions to not get it... And were the ones who made it... All those shots for nothing... Freaking Liars... Shyt,Can I bring my pitbulls to Qatar?. I am considering getting a job in Qatar and I have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls. Apparently this breed is banned. Would I have trouble importing them? If anything happened to the dogs; my husband would die; and he will not leave them in Canada if we go away. So I have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job.,Irrelevant
5117,Q274_R12,Q274_R20,I'll be visiting Qatar in December. what clothes i should bring.... Are western woman aloud to wear jeans?. ,TOUR PACKAGE TO EUROPE. I plan to travel to Europe in August; can you please help with the travel packages we are vegetarian and also should we take the package from India or from Qatar? also what visas are required to be taken and from where?,Irrelevant
5118,Q274_R12,Q274_R60,I'll be visiting Qatar in December. what clothes i should bring.... Are western woman aloud to wear jeans?. ,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
5119,Q274_R12,Q274_R61,I'll be visiting Qatar in December. what clothes i should bring.... Are western woman aloud to wear jeans?. ,Viral Infections. I would like to know if its normal to have a viral throat infection for longer than a week. I was told by the Dr. that this is normal in Qatar; due to the recent weather changes and dust. Is this correct has anyone else had same issue? If so what have you taken to get rid of this pain? Thanks,Irrelevant
5120,Q274_R20,Q274_R60,TOUR PACKAGE TO EUROPE. I plan to travel to Europe in August; can you please help with the travel packages we are vegetarian and also should we take the package from India or from Qatar? also what visas are required to be taken and from where?,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Irrelevant
5121,Q274_R20,Q274_R61,TOUR PACKAGE TO EUROPE. I plan to travel to Europe in August; can you please help with the travel packages we are vegetarian and also should we take the package from India or from Qatar? also what visas are required to be taken and from where?,Viral Infections. I would like to know if its normal to have a viral throat infection for longer than a week. I was told by the Dr. that this is normal in Qatar; due to the recent weather changes and dust. Is this correct has anyone else had same issue? If so what have you taken to get rid of this pain? Thanks,Irrelevant
5122,Q274_R60,Q274_R61,Triathlon. Anybody out here doing Triathlon? Can you suggest the best pool around Doha to do Lap swimming? Safest route for biking and running? I just want to get back in shape.,Viral Infections. I would like to know if its normal to have a viral throat infection for longer than a week. I was told by the Dr. that this is normal in Qatar; due to the recent weather changes and dust. Is this correct has anyone else had same issue? If so what have you taken to get rid of this pain? Thanks,Irrelevant
5123,Q275_R9,Q275_R24,What to call my cat?. I recently came home with a Puddy Tat from Qaws and cant think of a name. Its a male. Can someone tell me what "cat"is in arabic please?,pet shops in doha. Hello everyone! We are moving very shortly with our cat! Can someone tell me about pet stores in doha? We buy special food for him since he is a persian cat and I am wondering if i have to bring that food with me or can i get it there ;by the way it is called Royal Canin. I would really appreciate some help!!! Alyson,Irrelevant
5124,Q275_R9,Q275_R32,What to call my cat?. I recently came home with a Puddy Tat from Qaws and cant think of a name. Its a male. Can someone tell me what "cat"is in arabic please?,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,Irrelevant
5125,Q275_R9,Q275_R44,What to call my cat?. I recently came home with a Puddy Tat from Qaws and cant think of a name. Its a male. Can someone tell me what "cat"is in arabic please?,((Event)) Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian??. Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian?? See attachment.,Irrelevant
5126,Q275_R24,Q275_R32,pet shops in doha. Hello everyone! We are moving very shortly with our cat! Can someone tell me about pet stores in doha? We buy special food for him since he is a persian cat and I am wondering if i have to bring that food with me or can i get it there ;by the way it is called Royal Canin. I would really appreciate some help!!! Alyson,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,Irrelevant
5127,Q275_R24,Q275_R44,pet shops in doha. Hello everyone! We are moving very shortly with our cat! Can someone tell me about pet stores in doha? We buy special food for him since he is a persian cat and I am wondering if i have to bring that food with me or can i get it there ;by the way it is called Royal Canin. I would really appreciate some help!!! Alyson,((Event)) Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian??. Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian?? See attachment.,Irrelevant
5128,Q275_R32,Q275_R44,rats!!. i got back from 5 days holiday and i found out there are rats in my house!can anybody give me any good advice or rodent control number?my wife and 2 kids(3yrs and 1 yr) are still holidaying in my home country.i want to get rid of the rats and clean house before they come back so that they wont catch any of the rodent-carried diseases. any suggestion is welcomed.,((Event)) Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian??. Jesus....a Muslim or a Christian?? See attachment.,Irrelevant
5129,Q276_R6,Q276_R8,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Irrelevant
5130,Q276_R6,Q276_R11,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5131,Q276_R6,Q276_R18,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5132,Q276_R6,Q276_R24,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5133,Q276_R6,Q276_R26,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5134,Q276_R6,Q276_R27,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5135,Q276_R6,Q276_R32,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5136,Q276_R6,Q276_R36,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5137,Q276_R6,Q276_R37,what's the cheapest brand new car. in qatar today? how much does it cost to loan it? how much can we pay per month? i'm a bachelor and thinking of buying my first car =) thanks QLers!,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5138,Q276_R8,Q276_R11,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5139,Q276_R8,Q276_R18,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5140,Q276_R8,Q276_R24,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5141,Q276_R8,Q276_R26,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5142,Q276_R8,Q276_R27,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5143,Q276_R8,Q276_R32,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5144,Q276_R8,Q276_R36,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5145,Q276_R8,Q276_R37,How long to sell a car. I'll be leaving Qatar in a few months.  I want to sell my car.  How long does it take to sell a car?  A few weeks?  One month?  A few months?,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5146,Q276_R11,Q276_R18,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5147,Q276_R11,Q276_R24,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5148,Q276_R11,Q276_R26,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5149,Q276_R11,Q276_R27,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5150,Q276_R11,Q276_R32,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5151,Q276_R11,Q276_R36,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5152,Q276_R11,Q276_R37,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5153,Q276_R18,Q276_R24,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5154,Q276_R18,Q276_R26,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5155,Q276_R18,Q276_R27,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5156,Q276_R18,Q276_R32,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5157,Q276_R18,Q276_R36,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5158,Q276_R18,Q276_R37,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5159,Q276_R24,Q276_R26,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Irrelevant
5160,Q276_R24,Q276_R27,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5161,Q276_R24,Q276_R32,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5162,Q276_R24,Q276_R36,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5163,Q276_R24,Q276_R37,got a job offer of 12000 QR. whats its worth?. Hi; I am working currently in dubai and i hav been offered a job with a salary of 12000 QR (inclusive of basic; hra and transportation). You have to get your own place and car. I would like to know how much a single BHK would cost and also how much utilities bills would come to for a month?how costly is it to have food from restaurants as i do not know how to cook. can some one provide an insight please. Thank you.,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5164,Q276_R26,Q276_R27,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Irrelevant
5165,Q276_R26,Q276_R32,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5166,Q276_R26,Q276_R36,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5167,Q276_R26,Q276_R37,Carseat laws for children?. Is there a carseat law in Qatar. Is there a selection of carseats to buy in Doha?,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5168,Q276_R27,Q276_R32,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5169,Q276_R27,Q276_R36,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5170,Q276_R27,Q276_R37,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5171,Q276_R32,Q276_R36,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Irrelevant
5172,Q276_R32,Q276_R37,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5173,Q276_R36,Q276_R37,Need some help. HELLO EVERYONE I AM OFFERED AS A CIVIL ENGINNER 14000 QR SALARY 8000 QR HOUSE ALLOWNCE 1500 QR CAR ALLOWANCE I PLAN TO RELOCATE WITH MY WIFE. SHOULD WE PROCEED? MY WIFE WILL NOT WORK. CAN WE AFFORD THE COST OF LIVING?,Car Window Tinting. Can anyone recommend a place to have Automobile Window tinting applied?,Irrelevant
5174,Q277_R21,Q277_R25,Baby on Board Sign. I have seen in lot of cars about 'Baby on Board' sign displayed in the backside. What is the purpose of it? Are we saying that dont crash on me since i have baby inside? Cos; accidents are happening in nick of time and how i am suppose to stop in not crashing by seeing the sign. Please enlighten me. Read more: http://qatarliving.com/answers/driving/baby-on-board-sign#ixzz2LoV5Atpl,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Irrelevant
5175,Q277_R21,Q277_R27,Baby on Board Sign. I have seen in lot of cars about 'Baby on Board' sign displayed in the backside. What is the purpose of it? Are we saying that dont crash on me since i have baby inside? Cos; accidents are happening in nick of time and how i am suppose to stop in not crashing by seeing the sign. Please enlighten me. Read more: http://qatarliving.com/answers/driving/baby-on-board-sign#ixzz2LoV5Atpl,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5176,Q277_R21,Q277_R33,Baby on Board Sign. I have seen in lot of cars about 'Baby on Board' sign displayed in the backside. What is the purpose of it? Are we saying that dont crash on me since i have baby inside? Cos; accidents are happening in nick of time and how i am suppose to stop in not crashing by seeing the sign. Please enlighten me. Read more: http://qatarliving.com/answers/driving/baby-on-board-sign#ixzz2LoV5Atpl,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
5177,Q277_R25,Q277_R27,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5178,Q277_R25,Q277_R33,Baby stores in Doha. I&#39;m pregnant and moving soon to Doha. I wanna know what baby stores are there to purchase everything I will need for the future baby. Will I be able to find everything and at a decent price? Are there more brand stores in Dubai? Thanks for your help,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
5179,Q277_R27,Q277_R33,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Irrelevant
5180,Q278_R17,Q278_R28,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,Irrelevant
5181,Q278_R17,Q278_R34,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,Irrelevant
5182,Q278_R17,Q278_R37,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,Irrelevant
5183,Q278_R17,Q278_R41,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,Irrelevant
5184,Q278_R17,Q278_R45,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5185,Q278_R17,Q278_R48,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5186,Q278_R17,Q278_R52,Dukan Beach. Hi... Hello EveryBody.... can any of you advice me were to go for in weekends in qatar?? actually i am planning to go to Dukan Beach but some guys r telling me to visit Om Said Sea line resort!! i am really confused.... Please can any one of u guide me properly... and how much time does it take to reach both???,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5187,Q278_R28,Q278_R34,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,Irrelevant
5188,Q278_R28,Q278_R37,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,Irrelevant
5189,Q278_R28,Q278_R41,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,Irrelevant
5190,Q278_R28,Q278_R45,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5191,Q278_R28,Q278_R48,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5192,Q278_R28,Q278_R52,Umm Bab beach good for Overnight?. Hi can anyone tell if its okay to do overnight at umm bab beach? thanks!,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5193,Q278_R34,Q278_R37,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,Irrelevant
5194,Q278_R34,Q278_R41,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,Irrelevant
5195,Q278_R34,Q278_R45,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5196,Q278_R34,Q278_R48,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5197,Q278_R34,Q278_R52,Speed is Super. http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=251677&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56 According to the Gulf Times one of our members at QL; Speed; is a hell of a guy. Read all about him and bow to his engagement. Bravo; Speed.,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5198,Q278_R37,Q278_R41,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,Irrelevant
5199,Q278_R37,Q278_R45,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5200,Q278_R37,Q278_R48,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5201,Q278_R37,Q278_R52,Dog owners in Doha - what are your favourite walking spots?. I know an off-leash area where we could play fetch would be too much to ask (would it?); but where do all you dog owners like to walk your dogs? Are there beaches nearby where we could toss her in the water to cool off? Thanks!,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5202,Q278_R41,Q278_R45,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5203,Q278_R41,Q278_R48,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5204,Q278_R41,Q278_R52,any private beaches in Qatar?. any private beaches in Qatar?let me know if i can take my booze for beach party,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5205,Q278_R45,Q278_R48,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,Irrelevant
5206,Q278_R45,Q278_R52,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5207,Q278_R48,Q278_R52,Desert Camping. I started planning for the weekend ahead of time :) A friend of mine suggested I go desert camping near Ghariah or Sealine for the weekened but not sure if I need a license for that. If I do need a license (even for one day of camping); do you guys know where can I get it from and how much does it cost? Also what are the best places out there... The weather is great and I want to make the most out of it :) Thanks in advance,WHAT TO DO ON EID HOLIDAYS?. any suggestions on what are the happenings in Qatar on Holidays? something new and exciting suggestions please?,Irrelevant
5208,Q279_R18,Q279_R30,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Irrelevant
5209,Q279_R18,Q279_R33,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Nissan - what a rip off!!. I have just had a call from Nissan Service Centre (Ind area) about the cost to fix my AC on my car - just shy of 20;000QAR!! Call me old fashioned but does this not seem rather alot to pay and it was almost as if the guy was glad to be telling me; like he was proud to rip off his customers. Please tell me this is not so; any thoughts out there as to somewhere else to take my car???,Irrelevant
5210,Q279_R18,Q279_R36,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Roof-Cover inside car came down; advice needed. Dear All; After years under the direct sun-light; the thin material covering the inside roof has come down; as shown in the photo. I know this happens to quite a few cars in the middle east. What to do now and where should I take the car for a fix? Thank you!,Irrelevant
5211,Q279_R30,Q279_R33,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Nissan - what a rip off!!. I have just had a call from Nissan Service Centre (Ind area) about the cost to fix my AC on my car - just shy of 20;000QAR!! Call me old fashioned but does this not seem rather alot to pay and it was almost as if the guy was glad to be telling me; like he was proud to rip off his customers. Please tell me this is not so; any thoughts out there as to somewhere else to take my car???,Irrelevant
5212,Q279_R30,Q279_R36,Beware of KIA Motors near in LULU. i had a bad impression in KIA motors near LULU.. y?..coz i am about to loan a car which is the cerato coupe; but the thing is this 2 guys( I think the 2 salesman ) is just seating around and doin nothing!i was expecting like they have to impressed theyre customer or they should introduce theyre new cars..after that bad impression; i think...i am gonna choose other brands..hopefully the management of KIA will read this..,Roof-Cover inside car came down; advice needed. Dear All; After years under the direct sun-light; the thin material covering the inside roof has come down; as shown in the photo. I know this happens to quite a few cars in the middle east. What to do now and where should I take the car for a fix? Thank you!,Irrelevant
5213,Q279_R33,Q279_R36,Nissan - what a rip off!!. I have just had a call from Nissan Service Centre (Ind area) about the cost to fix my AC on my car - just shy of 20;000QAR!! Call me old fashioned but does this not seem rather alot to pay and it was almost as if the guy was glad to be telling me; like he was proud to rip off his customers. Please tell me this is not so; any thoughts out there as to somewhere else to take my car???,Roof-Cover inside car came down; advice needed. Dear All; After years under the direct sun-light; the thin material covering the inside roof has come down; as shown in the photo. I know this happens to quite a few cars in the middle east. What to do now and where should I take the car for a fix? Thank you!,Irrelevant
5214,Q280_R19,Q280_R39,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,Irrelevant
5215,Q280_R19,Q280_R41,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,Irrelevant
5216,Q280_R19,Q280_R45,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,Irrelevant
5217,Q280_R19,Q280_R46,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,Irrelevant
5218,Q280_R19,Q280_R48,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,Irrelevant
5219,Q280_R19,Q280_R67,where can i get to buy a goldfish here?. i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places; but they wouldnt answer the phone!,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5220,Q280_R39,Q280_R41,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,Irrelevant
5221,Q280_R39,Q280_R45,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,Irrelevant
5222,Q280_R39,Q280_R46,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,Irrelevant
5223,Q280_R39,Q280_R48,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,Irrelevant
5224,Q280_R39,Q280_R67,Best and fast growing business in Qatar?. Hi guys Just wanted you to talk about the best and fast growing business in Qatar now adays with a small amout on cash? If you wanted to start a business what would you do with 500;000 Qr? Business is a combination of war and sport.,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5225,Q280_R41,Q280_R45,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,Irrelevant
5226,Q280_R41,Q280_R46,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,Irrelevant
5227,Q280_R41,Q280_R48,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,Irrelevant
5228,Q280_R41,Q280_R67,what is Homoglobin?. Please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz Doctor told me your homoglobin is low! thanks,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5229,Q280_R45,Q280_R46,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,Irrelevant
5230,Q280_R45,Q280_R48,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,Irrelevant
5231,Q280_R45,Q280_R67,Recycling Places in Doha. Hello to all! To get rid of my collected old bottles; paper; glasses and so on i ask you - Where can I find some recycling places in Doha? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state. Please tell me exact locations; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours! p.s. Please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling. I want to do it anyway!!!,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5232,Q280_R46,Q280_R48,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,Irrelevant
5233,Q280_R46,Q280_R67,Good news to Psoriasis patients. Any Psoriasis patients here ? I wish to share information about one new treatment in India (mysoor) I am running under his treatment and feeling so happy & good; now is available in Doha. Thanks,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5234,Q280_R48,Q280_R67,Is tap water drinkable in qatar?. We use bottled water for drinking; but all the mineral and benefits of real water is not retained in bottled water. We heard some families are drinking "tap water" (water that comes from Doha Municipality) from years. Is there any harm if we switch to tap water for drinking? Please comment.,water filter?. Hi guys;I need your opinion about something;is there anybody here using water filter instead of buying drinking water from shop?is the tap water is safe to consume after using water filter?Thanks in advance :),Irrelevant
5235,Q281_R37,Q281_R40,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5236,Q281_R37,Q281_R45,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Irrelevant
5237,Q281_R37,Q281_R49,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5238,Q281_R37,Q281_R56,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Irrelevant
5239,Q281_R37,Q281_R58,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
5240,Q281_R37,Q281_R59,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5241,Q281_R37,Q281_R61,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5242,Q281_R40,Q281_R45,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Irrelevant
5243,Q281_R40,Q281_R49,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5244,Q281_R40,Q281_R56,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Irrelevant
5245,Q281_R40,Q281_R58,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
5246,Q281_R40,Q281_R59,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5247,Q281_R40,Q281_R61,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5248,Q281_R45,Q281_R49,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Irrelevant
5249,Q281_R45,Q281_R56,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Irrelevant
5250,Q281_R45,Q281_R58,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
5251,Q281_R45,Q281_R59,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5252,Q281_R45,Q281_R61,Ras Laffan. Hi; if you are to work in Ras Laffan; do you live there; too? Are there housing accomodations in the RL industrial area? If I look at a map; the drive between Ras Laffan and Doha looks to be 60+ minutes. Is this true? So if you live in Ras Laffan; what is the entertainment like there?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5253,Q281_R49,Q281_R56,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Irrelevant
5254,Q281_R49,Q281_R58,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
5255,Q281_R49,Q281_R59,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5256,Q281_R49,Q281_R61,NOT ONE PUBLIC BEACH IN DOHA?. Surrounded by pleasant waters and not ONE public beach! Ridiculous.,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5257,Q281_R56,Q281_R58,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Irrelevant
5258,Q281_R56,Q281_R59,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5259,Q281_R56,Q281_R61,Doha is so dry; so boring! discuss.. is doha one of the most boring places ever?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5260,Q281_R58,Q281_R59,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Irrelevant
5261,Q281_R58,Q281_R61,Which is better airline; Qatar Airways or Gulf Air? (Paging Airline Crews & Staffs). Which you prefer; Qatar Airways or Gulf air? Why  you said so? Can you write the name of the crew or staff of that airline who gave you very good service? What is/are your unforgetable bad experience  in ________airline?........,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5262,Q281_R59,Q281_R61,Texas A/M Rejects Student. A student with straight A's or A+'s from Grade 9 to Grade 12; a SAT result above 1650; and a TOEFL result above 108 is rejected without cause by Texas A/M University in Qatar. Does anybody know what they are looking for? Einsteins? Geniuses? Or do they have other 'selection' criteria?,Young children & Autistic Spectrum Disorder. We are thinking of moving to Doha next year. I'm due my second baby in March. My first son is 3 and is currently being assessed for Autism; with which he has a speech delay. 2 questions... 1. What are the baby shops and childrens facilities like is Doha? I presume you can get most things there. 2. Are there; and can you recommend a health facility that would be suitable for my son to continue his speech therapy and ASD assessments? Many thanks!,Irrelevant
5263,Q282_R6,Q282_R16,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,special needs of children. MANY OF OUR CHILDRREN ARE BORN WITH SOME HANDICAPS; WHICH REQUIRE SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL SKILLS; I HAD POSTED MANY CLASSIFIEDS FOR TEACHING THESE CHILDREN BUT THE RESPONSE IS ZERO; IT SEEMS PARENTS ARE RELUCTANT TO GIVE THE CHILDREN THE WINDOW TO LIFE OR THEIR ARE ZILLION SCHOOLS RUN IN QATAR FOR WHICH WE DONOT HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT. CAN SMEBODY HELP TO LOCATE THESE SCHOOLS???? PARUL DESAI,Irrelevant
5264,Q282_R6,Q282_R35,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Life in Doha with toddler. Good evening to everybody; we are moving to Doha in April and I am staying at home with our daughter of 17 months. I was wondering if you can tell me how is life with a toddler in such a hot country? Here she likes outdoors so much; I cannot imagine how it is done in such a heat. What do you mums do all day to keep them occupied? Is it better to leave to Europe in the summer?Thanks so much,Irrelevant
5265,Q282_R6,Q282_R36,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Slapping on the face of small kids. A friend of mine told me that there is a small kids nursery(age 3 to 5yrs) in Al Saad area where the Indian lady teacher slaps the face of small children. I think some parents do not know about this or some just ignores it. Does anyone has such experiences and can anyone suggest how to deal with this?,Irrelevant
5266,Q282_R6,Q282_R38,Park House School. Does anyone out there have a child in this school? We are moving out next month and have a place at Park House for our 7yrs son. What is it like. Feedback please!!!!,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5267,Q282_R16,Q282_R35,special needs of children. MANY OF OUR CHILDRREN ARE BORN WITH SOME HANDICAPS; WHICH REQUIRE SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL SKILLS; I HAD POSTED MANY CLASSIFIEDS FOR TEACHING THESE CHILDREN BUT THE RESPONSE IS ZERO; IT SEEMS PARENTS ARE RELUCTANT TO GIVE THE CHILDREN THE WINDOW TO LIFE OR THEIR ARE ZILLION SCHOOLS RUN IN QATAR FOR WHICH WE DONOT HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT. CAN SMEBODY HELP TO LOCATE THESE SCHOOLS???? PARUL DESAI,Life in Doha with toddler. Good evening to everybody; we are moving to Doha in April and I am staying at home with our daughter of 17 months. I was wondering if you can tell me how is life with a toddler in such a hot country? Here she likes outdoors so much; I cannot imagine how it is done in such a heat. What do you mums do all day to keep them occupied? Is it better to leave to Europe in the summer?Thanks so much,Irrelevant
5268,Q282_R16,Q282_R36,special needs of children. MANY OF OUR CHILDRREN ARE BORN WITH SOME HANDICAPS; WHICH REQUIRE SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL SKILLS; I HAD POSTED MANY CLASSIFIEDS FOR TEACHING THESE CHILDREN BUT THE RESPONSE IS ZERO; IT SEEMS PARENTS ARE RELUCTANT TO GIVE THE CHILDREN THE WINDOW TO LIFE OR THEIR ARE ZILLION SCHOOLS RUN IN QATAR FOR WHICH WE DONOT HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT. CAN SMEBODY HELP TO LOCATE THESE SCHOOLS???? PARUL DESAI,Slapping on the face of small kids. A friend of mine told me that there is a small kids nursery(age 3 to 5yrs) in Al Saad area where the Indian lady teacher slaps the face of small children. I think some parents do not know about this or some just ignores it. Does anyone has such experiences and can anyone suggest how to deal with this?,Irrelevant
5269,Q282_R16,Q282_R38,special needs of children. MANY OF OUR CHILDRREN ARE BORN WITH SOME HANDICAPS; WHICH REQUIRE SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL SKILLS; I HAD POSTED MANY CLASSIFIEDS FOR TEACHING THESE CHILDREN BUT THE RESPONSE IS ZERO; IT SEEMS PARENTS ARE RELUCTANT TO GIVE THE CHILDREN THE WINDOW TO LIFE OR THEIR ARE ZILLION SCHOOLS RUN IN QATAR FOR WHICH WE DONOT HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT. CAN SMEBODY HELP TO LOCATE THESE SCHOOLS???? PARUL DESAI,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5270,Q282_R35,Q282_R36,Life in Doha with toddler. Good evening to everybody; we are moving to Doha in April and I am staying at home with our daughter of 17 months. I was wondering if you can tell me how is life with a toddler in such a hot country? Here she likes outdoors so much; I cannot imagine how it is done in such a heat. What do you mums do all day to keep them occupied? Is it better to leave to Europe in the summer?Thanks so much,Slapping on the face of small kids. A friend of mine told me that there is a small kids nursery(age 3 to 5yrs) in Al Saad area where the Indian lady teacher slaps the face of small children. I think some parents do not know about this or some just ignores it. Does anyone has such experiences and can anyone suggest how to deal with this?,Irrelevant
5271,Q282_R35,Q282_R38,Life in Doha with toddler. Good evening to everybody; we are moving to Doha in April and I am staying at home with our daughter of 17 months. I was wondering if you can tell me how is life with a toddler in such a hot country? Here she likes outdoors so much; I cannot imagine how it is done in such a heat. What do you mums do all day to keep them occupied? Is it better to leave to Europe in the summer?Thanks so much,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5272,Q282_R36,Q282_R38,Slapping on the face of small kids. A friend of mine told me that there is a small kids nursery(age 3 to 5yrs) in Al Saad area where the Indian lady teacher slaps the face of small children. I think some parents do not know about this or some just ignores it. Does anyone has such experiences and can anyone suggest how to deal with this?,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Irrelevant
5273,Q283_R25,Q283_R26,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,Irrelevant
5274,Q283_R25,Q283_R31,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5275,Q283_R25,Q283_R35,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5276,Q283_R25,Q283_R36,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
5277,Q283_R25,Q283_R39,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,Irrelevant
5278,Q283_R25,Q283_R52,Apartment Deposit. I am slightly confused as to what is the norm when renting an apartment in doha. Is it one months deposit plus possible fees? Or also post dated cheques? Also I have read sometimes that a 6 months deposit is need?? This seems very steep!!,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5279,Q283_R26,Q283_R31,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Irrelevant
5280,Q283_R26,Q283_R35,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5281,Q283_R26,Q283_R36,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
5282,Q283_R26,Q283_R39,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,Irrelevant
5283,Q283_R26,Q283_R52,Why aren't people respecting Qatar?. I noticed many people do not respect local Qataries or they do not respect the country. They come here without having an idea about our culture and religion. All they think about is how much salary they will take. We as a Qataries feel worried about the thousands of outlandish people and we try to be open with others but if they respect our culture and our land. What do u think..?,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5284,Q283_R31,Q283_R35,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5285,Q283_R31,Q283_R36,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
5286,Q283_R31,Q283_R39,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,Irrelevant
5287,Q283_R31,Q283_R52,12;000QR a good salary?. Is 12;000QR a good salary for a single person to live on in Doha? The company will provide housing but no transportation allowance. Is this a good deal? thanks,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5288,Q283_R35,Q283_R36,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,Irrelevant
5289,Q283_R35,Q283_R39,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,Irrelevant
5290,Q283_R35,Q283_R52,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5291,Q283_R36,Q283_R39,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,Irrelevant
5292,Q283_R36,Q283_R52,Any idea about Vodafone Qatar office in Doha?. Dear all; Can someone give me any information(location/website/telephone) about the corporate office set up in Doha by the upcoming GSM operator Vodafone? hav fun; Jeppezzon,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5293,Q283_R39,Q283_R52,I want to give to the needy in Qatar. How?. I want to share with someone what i get on my dinner table? how? Please don't ask me who; so many!,New Sponsorship Law. Dear All; Would appreciate some help regarding the Subject line. Does anybody knows if the new sponsorship law has been already issued? is it yet into force? and if so; can anybody direct me to a link or something so I can get a copy? Thank you all!,Irrelevant
5294,Q284_R8,Q284_R29,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Irrelevant
5295,Q284_R8,Q284_R33,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Irrelevant
5296,Q284_R8,Q284_R38,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Irrelevant
5297,Q284_R8,Q284_R44,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5298,Q284_R8,Q284_R51,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5299,Q284_R8,Q284_R59,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5300,Q284_R8,Q284_R63,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5301,Q284_R8,Q284_R66,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5302,Q284_R8,Q284_R69,Scientology in Qatar. I was very surprised to see Scientology - trying to get converts in Qatar This belief system is banned in some countries such as Germany (i think) and the founder openly ridicules Islam. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbT6bQi-1bw The founder's books are available at the book fair - near the AWQAF (ministry of islam) stand....at the front entrance. So if you were offended by the Danish cartoon.... this is much worse and these people are here with their books!,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5303,Q284_R29,Q284_R33,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Irrelevant
5304,Q284_R29,Q284_R38,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Irrelevant
5305,Q284_R29,Q284_R44,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5306,Q284_R29,Q284_R51,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5307,Q284_R29,Q284_R59,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5308,Q284_R29,Q284_R63,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5309,Q284_R29,Q284_R66,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5310,Q284_R29,Q284_R69,Qatar National Day. Hi; Just wanted to confirm Qatar's National Day. Is it 18th of December? Thanks.,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5311,Q284_R33,Q284_R38,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Irrelevant
5312,Q284_R33,Q284_R44,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5313,Q284_R33,Q284_R51,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5314,Q284_R33,Q284_R59,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5315,Q284_R33,Q284_R63,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5316,Q284_R33,Q284_R66,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5317,Q284_R33,Q284_R69,Crescent Moon symbol.Questions:. What is the Islam meaning of the Crescent Moon symbol? The Christians have the cross; the Jews have the star of David; and the Muslims have the crescent moon; right? What is the history behind the Crescent Moon symbol? What does it symbolize or mean? Is it a valid symbol for the faith of Islam?,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5318,Q284_R38,Q284_R44,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5319,Q284_R38,Q284_R51,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5320,Q284_R38,Q284_R59,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5321,Q284_R38,Q284_R63,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5322,Q284_R38,Q284_R66,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5323,Q284_R38,Q284_R69,Nonsense people. Dirty fool idiots & Nonsense people have no righ to live in this world. am i RIGHT ?????,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5324,Q284_R44,Q284_R51,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Irrelevant
5325,Q284_R44,Q284_R59,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5326,Q284_R44,Q284_R63,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5327,Q284_R44,Q284_R66,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5328,Q284_R44,Q284_R69,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5329,Q284_R51,Q284_R59,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Irrelevant
5330,Q284_R51,Q284_R63,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5331,Q284_R51,Q284_R66,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5332,Q284_R51,Q284_R69,prado or pajero. prado or pajero is the best for doha..  calculating comfort/resale value/maintainence/cost etc .... which one do u prefer between these two??,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5333,Q284_R59,Q284_R63,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Irrelevant
5334,Q284_R59,Q284_R66,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5335,Q284_R59,Q284_R69,Men's Gym. Any affordable gym for a guy who's earning QAR2000 a month?,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5336,Q284_R63,Q284_R66,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,Irrelevant
5337,Q284_R63,Q284_R69,Dancing in Qatar. Hi I am due to come to Qatar to work in a few months. Can anyone let me know if there is any form of partnered dancing that happens? I have done Ceroc; which is a type of french jive. Also lindy hop. Is there any of this on a regular basis? A friend in Qatar has said there is ballroom dancing and Salsa; is that the case? gwaguk,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5338,Q284_R66,Q284_R69,Happy Teachers Day!. A very happy teachers day to all teachers. Thank you for nurturing your country's future. Your nation remains indebted to you. Are you a Teacher? If not... why not? Do spread whatever little you know to kids around you. Especially those who do not have anybody to help them learn... There is always a lot more you can do than you can imagine!!! open your eyes.. the kid out there might need you...,To Wear A Burqa Or Not?. My family and I are new here. I packed lightly for my stay; with the intent to purchase a burqa for my outings; out of respect for the culture. However; I am surprised to find so many women not wearing them. Is there a need as long as I am dressed conservatively; or are those not wearing them being disrespectful and simply tolerated?,Irrelevant
5339,Q285_R7,Q285_R8,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Irrelevant
5340,Q285_R7,Q285_R12,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Irrelevant
5341,Q285_R7,Q285_R20,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5342,Q285_R7,Q285_R25,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Irrelevant
5343,Q285_R7,Q285_R26,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Irrelevant
5344,Q285_R7,Q285_R33,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5345,Q285_R7,Q285_R36,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5346,Q285_R7,Q285_R37,Please advise where I repair my daughter's IPAD?. ear QL friends; Please advise where we will repaire IPAD; ILIFE brand. This is new one that we bought from LULU recently but the screen comes in reverse direction so my daughter cannot use this now. The bill is lost so we can't return it to LULU. If anyone knows where i will give this for repaire please inform..thanks,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5347,Q285_R8,Q285_R12,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Irrelevant
5348,Q285_R8,Q285_R20,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5349,Q285_R8,Q285_R25,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Irrelevant
5350,Q285_R8,Q285_R26,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Irrelevant
5351,Q285_R8,Q285_R33,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5352,Q285_R8,Q285_R36,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5353,Q285_R8,Q285_R37,Bike Shops in Doha. Hi; Are there any Bike shops in Doha? Not top of the line specialists please :) Just Bikes for teens and pre-teens. Name; Location (with directions if possible) and phone numbers will be great.  Thanks,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5354,Q285_R12,Q285_R20,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5355,Q285_R12,Q285_R25,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Irrelevant
5356,Q285_R12,Q285_R26,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Irrelevant
5357,Q285_R12,Q285_R33,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5358,Q285_R12,Q285_R36,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5359,Q285_R12,Q285_R37,Directions: vehicle testing centre. I need to get my car tested on Saturday. Could anyone give me directions to the testing centre near the airport - I've heard it's less busy than the one in the Industrial Area. Also - does anyone know how much it costs; and what time it opens?,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5360,Q285_R20,Q285_R25,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Irrelevant
5361,Q285_R20,Q285_R26,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Irrelevant
5362,Q285_R20,Q285_R33,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5363,Q285_R20,Q285_R36,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5364,Q285_R20,Q285_R37,US Embassy Qatar. How to get to US Embassy Qatar? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions. Need your help :) Thanks in advance!,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5365,Q285_R25,Q285_R26,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Irrelevant
5366,Q285_R25,Q285_R33,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5367,Q285_R25,Q285_R36,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5368,Q285_R25,Q285_R37,Al Million Taxi Service. Had anyone taken rides with Karwa's new franchised taxis operated by Al Milllion? I have yet to take a rdie in one of these new franchised taxis. So I don't know about their services. Are the drivers better behaved than those from Karwa or Mowasalat? Wonder whether Mowasalat had made any effort to oversee complaints regarding Al Million in order to further enhance the quality of service. Any comment?,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5369,Q285_R26,Q285_R33,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5370,Q285_R26,Q285_R36,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5371,Q285_R26,Q285_R37,Thai Food Grocery Shops in Doha?. Hi;  I love cocking Thai food; but don&#39;t know where in Doha I can find Thai Food grocery shops for the cooking ingredients.  Also; where are the Thai restaurants? Appreciate your information. Thanks,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5372,Q285_R33,Q285_R36,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5373,Q285_R33,Q285_R37,where to get.... hi all; where can we get decent fruits and vegetables? (the ones at carrefour are just really bad) and also decent fresh bread.... thanks in advance!,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5374,Q285_R36,Q285_R37,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Availability of English books in Qatar. In contemplating a move to Qatar; I was wondering about the availability of English books as this is one of my favorite hobbies.Â  Is there such a thing as a public library; or are English books only available in bookstores; in which case is there a huge mark-up in comparisson to the US or Canada? Thanks!Â ,Irrelevant
5375,Q286_R31,Q286_R36,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Irrelevant
5376,Q286_R31,Q286_R39,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
5377,Q286_R31,Q286_R52,Pregnancy and Childbirth in Qatar. We are new here and have found out we are expecting a baby later this year. Where is the best place to deliver? Any recommendations on doctors?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5378,Q286_R36,Q286_R39,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Irrelevant
5379,Q286_R36,Q286_R52,Expat wives in Qatar. Hi everyone; Very nice to meet you all. :) My wife and I are moving to Doha in about 3 weeks. As I'm going to be working most days; my wife and I are a little concerned about what she'll be able to do to keep her occupied during the day. We were thinking of getting her enrolled at an ESL school (she doesn't speak much English). Besides take courses; what do other non-expat spouses do to keep busy? Thanks everyone. Hope to meet some of you after we arrive!,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5380,Q286_R39,Q286_R52,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5381,Q287_R11,Q287_R14,New to Qatar!!!. My wife and I will be moving to Qatar in September; can anyone give us some info of what to expect and basic advice? Also I am an ex pro footballer looking for a decent standard football any clues to contacts etc and how i get involved out there?,Could you suggest the best holiday destination in the world?. Holiday Destinations and your experience.,Irrelevant
5382,Q287_R11,Q287_R20,New to Qatar!!!. My wife and I will be moving to Qatar in September; can anyone give us some info of what to expect and basic advice? Also I am an ex pro footballer looking for a decent standard football any clues to contacts etc and how i get involved out there?,Away from your own Country. How long You have been away from your own Country? Lets start - Me 17 Years :),Irrelevant
5383,Q287_R11,Q287_R23,New to Qatar!!!. My wife and I will be moving to Qatar in September; can anyone give us some info of what to expect and basic advice? Also I am an ex pro footballer looking for a decent standard football any clues to contacts etc and how i get involved out there?,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
5384,Q287_R14,Q287_R20,Could you suggest the best holiday destination in the world?. Holiday Destinations and your experience.,Away from your own Country. How long You have been away from your own Country? Lets start - Me 17 Years :),Irrelevant
5385,Q287_R14,Q287_R23,Could you suggest the best holiday destination in the world?. Holiday Destinations and your experience.,Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
5386,Q287_R20,Q287_R23,Away from your own Country. How long You have been away from your own Country? Lets start - Me 17 Years :),Countries... What are the countries you've visited and where do you plan to go next?,Irrelevant
5387,Q288_R30,Q288_R39,Is wearing skirt allowed in Doha?. I have been getting some stares lately and I have come to realize that its because of my dresses...I wear formals with trousers to office but I tend to wear skirts at home or while shopping...Is it right or ok to wear them or it's prohibited?,Skateboarding?. I know that inline skating; jogging; biking ect... are ok basically anywhere in Doha but skaeboarding always seems to get a bad wrap wherever I go.  Is this the same in Doha?  Im not talking about destroying property or anything like that but it is often view that way while im simply entertaing myself the same as the rest.  Please do not suggest dune surfing; that looks like all of 5 seconds of fun.  Thanks all!,Irrelevant
5388,Q288_R30,Q288_R49,Is wearing skirt allowed in Doha?. I have been getting some stares lately and I have come to realize that its because of my dresses...I wear formals with trousers to office but I tend to wear skirts at home or while shopping...Is it right or ok to wear them or it's prohibited?,Beautiful Morning is not it?. Such a beautiful morning today...first time i have seen huge cloudy weather in Qatar...woke up at 4 30 and had a long walk in Corniche...OMG it was so nice today..,Irrelevant
5389,Q288_R30,Q288_R61,Is wearing skirt allowed in Doha?. I have been getting some stares lately and I have come to realize that its because of my dresses...I wear formals with trousers to office but I tend to wear skirts at home or while shopping...Is it right or ok to wear them or it's prohibited?,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5390,Q288_R39,Q288_R49,Skateboarding?. I know that inline skating; jogging; biking ect... are ok basically anywhere in Doha but skaeboarding always seems to get a bad wrap wherever I go.  Is this the same in Doha?  Im not talking about destroying property or anything like that but it is often view that way while im simply entertaing myself the same as the rest.  Please do not suggest dune surfing; that looks like all of 5 seconds of fun.  Thanks all!,Beautiful Morning is not it?. Such a beautiful morning today...first time i have seen huge cloudy weather in Qatar...woke up at 4 30 and had a long walk in Corniche...OMG it was so nice today..,Irrelevant
5391,Q288_R39,Q288_R61,Skateboarding?. I know that inline skating; jogging; biking ect... are ok basically anywhere in Doha but skaeboarding always seems to get a bad wrap wherever I go.  Is this the same in Doha?  Im not talking about destroying property or anything like that but it is often view that way while im simply entertaing myself the same as the rest.  Please do not suggest dune surfing; that looks like all of 5 seconds of fun.  Thanks all!,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5392,Q288_R49,Q288_R61,Beautiful Morning is not it?. Such a beautiful morning today...first time i have seen huge cloudy weather in Qatar...woke up at 4 30 and had a long walk in Corniche...OMG it was so nice today..,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5393,Q289_R3,Q289_R14,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5394,Q289_R3,Q289_R26,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Bars in Doha........... why there is not much Bars or dance clubs in Doha like Dubai.......people here enjoy in other ways what???.,Irrelevant
5395,Q289_R3,Q289_R30,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Friendship in a strange world. Hi there I m pretty new to this place..... The world is getting small these days..... Although preoccupied with work ; are there any decent places to hang out here? Where can w find females for a date? How to go about it?,Irrelevant
5396,Q289_R3,Q289_R31,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irish Harp. does anyone know what time the Harp opens on a friday? thanks,Irrelevant
5397,Q289_R14,Q289_R26,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Bars in Doha........... why there is not much Bars or dance clubs in Doha like Dubai.......people here enjoy in other ways what???.,Irrelevant
5398,Q289_R14,Q289_R30,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Friendship in a strange world. Hi there I m pretty new to this place..... The world is getting small these days..... Although preoccupied with work ; are there any decent places to hang out here? Where can w find females for a date? How to go about it?,Irrelevant
5399,Q289_R14,Q289_R31,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irish Harp. does anyone know what time the Harp opens on a friday? thanks,Irrelevant
5400,Q289_R26,Q289_R30,Bars in Doha........... why there is not much Bars or dance clubs in Doha like Dubai.......people here enjoy in other ways what???.,Friendship in a strange world. Hi there I m pretty new to this place..... The world is getting small these days..... Although preoccupied with work ; are there any decent places to hang out here? Where can w find females for a date? How to go about it?,Irrelevant
5401,Q289_R26,Q289_R31,Bars in Doha........... why there is not much Bars or dance clubs in Doha like Dubai.......people here enjoy in other ways what???.,Irish Harp. does anyone know what time the Harp opens on a friday? thanks,Irrelevant
5402,Q289_R30,Q289_R31,Friendship in a strange world. Hi there I m pretty new to this place..... The world is getting small these days..... Although preoccupied with work ; are there any decent places to hang out here? Where can w find females for a date? How to go about it?,Irish Harp. does anyone know what time the Harp opens on a friday? thanks,Irrelevant
5403,Q290_R4,Q290_R19,Women drivers!!! &^%&$^#&$&* x-(. What's the one thing you simply hate about the way women drive on the streets???If I were to list it out;the list would be endless.In spite of being a female driver myself;I just hate some of the antics they show on the streets! I guess changing lanes without signals tops my hate-list!grrrrr! x-(,The Flirting Thread. Come on my little puff pastries. Who will join me on my 4 foot yacht on the Manchester Ship Canal for a pie and a pint? You will regret it if you turn me down. I am wearing my best vest and a paisley cravat I found in Oxfam. AND NOTHING ESLE. Come on my sweeties.,Irrelevant
5404,Q290_R4,Q290_R21,Women drivers!!! &^%&$^#&$&* x-(. What's the one thing you simply hate about the way women drive on the streets???If I were to list it out;the list would be endless.In spite of being a female driver myself;I just hate some of the antics they show on the streets! I guess changing lanes without signals tops my hate-list!grrrrr! x-(,How to earn points here?. Please can anyone tell me how to earn points here and what can we do with this points?,Irrelevant
5405,Q290_R4,Q290_R28,Women drivers!!! &^%&$^#&$&* x-(. What's the one thing you simply hate about the way women drive on the streets???If I were to list it out;the list would be endless.In spite of being a female driver myself;I just hate some of the antics they show on the streets! I guess changing lanes without signals tops my hate-list!grrrrr! x-(,"Is Villagio open?" official thread. This is the official - "Is Villagio open yet?" thread. Please post all your "Is Villagio open yet?" questions here. You can also post questions like "When will Villagio open?"; "Why isn't Villagio open yet?" etc.,Irrelevant
5406,Q290_R19,Q290_R21,The Flirting Thread. Come on my little puff pastries. Who will join me on my 4 foot yacht on the Manchester Ship Canal for a pie and a pint? You will regret it if you turn me down. I am wearing my best vest and a paisley cravat I found in Oxfam. AND NOTHING ESLE. Come on my sweeties.,How to earn points here?. Please can anyone tell me how to earn points here and what can we do with this points?,Irrelevant
5407,Q290_R19,Q290_R28,The Flirting Thread. Come on my little puff pastries. Who will join me on my 4 foot yacht on the Manchester Ship Canal for a pie and a pint? You will regret it if you turn me down. I am wearing my best vest and a paisley cravat I found in Oxfam. AND NOTHING ESLE. Come on my sweeties.,"Is Villagio open?" official thread. This is the official - "Is Villagio open yet?" thread. Please post all your "Is Villagio open yet?" questions here. You can also post questions like "When will Villagio open?"; "Why isn't Villagio open yet?" etc.,Irrelevant
5408,Q290_R21,Q290_R28,How to earn points here?. Please can anyone tell me how to earn points here and what can we do with this points?,"Is Villagio open?" official thread. This is the official - "Is Villagio open yet?" thread. Please post all your "Is Villagio open yet?" questions here. You can also post questions like "When will Villagio open?"; "Why isn't Villagio open yet?" etc.,Irrelevant
5409,Q291_R13,Q291_R21,Al Jazi Compound. Hello; This is my first time in a forum... We are moving to Doha; and we are looking for a villa. Do some one know Al Jazi Compound? how is it? Where can I find some picture about it? Thanks,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Irrelevant
5410,Q291_R13,Q291_R28,Al Jazi Compound. Hello; This is my first time in a forum... We are moving to Doha; and we are looking for a villa. Do some one know Al Jazi Compound? how is it? Where can I find some picture about it? Thanks,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
5411,Q291_R13,Q291_R36,Al Jazi Compound. Hello; This is my first time in a forum... We are moving to Doha; and we are looking for a villa. Do some one know Al Jazi Compound? how is it? Where can I find some picture about it? Thanks,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
5412,Q291_R13,Q291_R41,Al Jazi Compound. Hello; This is my first time in a forum... We are moving to Doha; and we are looking for a villa. Do some one know Al Jazi Compound? how is it? Where can I find some picture about it? Thanks,Strip bar. I heard a rumor that Qatar is going to get a Strip Bar soon. (or did they say strip mall?),Irrelevant
5413,Q291_R13,Q291_R45,Al Jazi Compound. Hello; This is my first time in a forum... We are moving to Doha; and we are looking for a villa. Do some one know Al Jazi Compound? how is it? Where can I find some picture about it? Thanks,Am I allowed to buy a small 2bedroom. I am aXpat British and would like to buy a one or two bedroom flat near to passport square. A friend told me; nobody is allow to buy a flat even if I am British and live there. Is he right? Please advice me in this respect. Thanks,Irrelevant
5414,Q291_R21,Q291_R28,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Irrelevant
5415,Q291_R21,Q291_R36,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
5416,Q291_R21,Q291_R41,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Strip bar. I heard a rumor that Qatar is going to get a Strip Bar soon. (or did they say strip mall?),Irrelevant
5417,Q291_R21,Q291_R45,BEST West Bay/CC RE Agent?. Going on fourth day here in Doha and leaning toward West Bay and City Center. Hoping some QL'rs have some positive experiences and can recoomend a RE Agent who are specialists in these areas. Any help very much appreciated as Wifey is on her way January 30th and will have me on the curb if I dont have her a tidy little list of properties to choose from. Thanks all; please save my marriage ;) ;) S,Am I allowed to buy a small 2bedroom. I am aXpat British and would like to buy a one or two bedroom flat near to passport square. A friend told me; nobody is allow to buy a flat even if I am British and live there. Is he right? Please advice me in this respect. Thanks,Irrelevant
5418,Q291_R28,Q291_R36,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Irrelevant
5419,Q291_R28,Q291_R41,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Strip bar. I heard a rumor that Qatar is going to get a Strip Bar soon. (or did they say strip mall?),Irrelevant
5420,Q291_R28,Q291_R45,Last beach in Doha city closed. Damn...The beach besides the Intercontinental has been closed. The area has been set aside for a housing project. Why can't Doha; a seaside capital city of an aspiring tourism hub not have at least ONE beach? It was so popular amongst the residents. The same had happened to the one near the old Doha Club. Does anyone know any good beaches near the city limits?,Am I allowed to buy a small 2bedroom. I am aXpat British and would like to buy a one or two bedroom flat near to passport square. A friend told me; nobody is allow to buy a flat even if I am British and live there. Is he right? Please advice me in this respect. Thanks,Irrelevant
5421,Q291_R36,Q291_R41,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Strip bar. I heard a rumor that Qatar is going to get a Strip Bar soon. (or did they say strip mall?),Irrelevant
5422,Q291_R36,Q291_R45,Expats buying property in Qatar. Have any expats on this forum either bought property in Qatar; or considered buying and then rejected - i.e zig zag towers; the Pearl etc ? I'm trying to evaluate whether or not this would be a good investment. What do you think are the potential risks and upsides ? If you have bought; what was your experience of the process and in hindsight; was it a good decision ? Regards,Am I allowed to buy a small 2bedroom. I am aXpat British and would like to buy a one or two bedroom flat near to passport square. A friend told me; nobody is allow to buy a flat even if I am British and live there. Is he right? Please advice me in this respect. Thanks,Irrelevant
5423,Q291_R41,Q291_R45,Strip bar. I heard a rumor that Qatar is going to get a Strip Bar soon. (or did they say strip mall?),Am I allowed to buy a small 2bedroom. I am aXpat British and would like to buy a one or two bedroom flat near to passport square. A friend told me; nobody is allow to buy a flat even if I am British and live there. Is he right? Please advice me in this respect. Thanks,Irrelevant
5424,Q292_R7,Q292_R16,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Irrelevant
5425,Q292_R7,Q292_R37,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Irrelevant
5426,Q292_R7,Q292_R39,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
5427,Q292_R7,Q292_R44,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
5428,Q292_R7,Q292_R49,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5429,Q292_R7,Q292_R51,Motor Insurance in Doha. Having read a lot about about the 'hectic' driving in Doha I was wondering whether car insurance is quite costly. I'm a 25 year old male from the UK and I've never made a claim; am I likely to be paying through the roof to insure my V8 4x4 that I intend to buy when I move to Doha next month?,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5430,Q292_R16,Q292_R37,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Irrelevant
5431,Q292_R16,Q292_R39,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
5432,Q292_R16,Q292_R44,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
5433,Q292_R16,Q292_R49,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5434,Q292_R16,Q292_R51,Good cleaning company in Doha?. Hi; Can anyone recommend me a professional cleaning company? I am tired of finding my apartment half-cleaned by untrustworthy people. Your suggestions are welcome...,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5435,Q292_R37,Q292_R39,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
5436,Q292_R37,Q292_R44,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
5437,Q292_R37,Q292_R49,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5438,Q292_R37,Q292_R51,Buying Car without Driving License. Hi folks;is it possible to buy a car and resister it in my name without having a driving license?,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5439,Q292_R39,Q292_R44,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Irrelevant
5440,Q292_R39,Q292_R49,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5441,Q292_R39,Q292_R51,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5442,Q292_R44,Q292_R49,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5443,Q292_R44,Q292_R51,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5444,Q292_R49,Q292_R51,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Recruitment Agencies in Doha. Does anyone have a list of Recruiting agencies; phone numbers in Doha for Construction Jobs (Skilled workers)? Thank you in advance.,Irrelevant
5445,Q293_R26,Q293_R28,Kiddie party venue aside from fastfood restaurants. Does anyone know of venues for a kiddie party? Mcdo & KFC are already given. How about a restaurant or a place where we can rent & have the food catered? ,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Irrelevant
5446,Q293_R26,Q293_R29,Kiddie party venue aside from fastfood restaurants. Does anyone know of venues for a kiddie party? Mcdo & KFC are already given. How about a restaurant or a place where we can rent & have the food catered? ,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Irrelevant
5447,Q293_R26,Q293_R58,Kiddie party venue aside from fastfood restaurants. Does anyone know of venues for a kiddie party? Mcdo & KFC are already given. How about a restaurant or a place where we can rent & have the food catered? ,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Irrelevant
5448,Q293_R26,Q293_R60,Kiddie party venue aside from fastfood restaurants. Does anyone know of venues for a kiddie party? Mcdo & KFC are already given. How about a restaurant or a place where we can rent & have the food catered? ,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
5449,Q293_R28,Q293_R29,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Irrelevant
5450,Q293_R28,Q293_R58,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Irrelevant
5451,Q293_R28,Q293_R60,Out and about with a one and a half year old!. Hey all; Just got to Doha from the UK under 2 weeks ago (hubby got a job here); which leaves me at home with my little girl. Can anyone recommend places to go; which are kiddy friendly; and where my husband and I can chill out too? We have been to the Villagio; Hyatt Plaza and Souq Waqif. Thanks! Shaz,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
5452,Q293_R29,Q293_R58,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Irrelevant
5453,Q293_R29,Q293_R60,The best place can be visited in qatar ?. hi all ;; what is the The best place can be visited in qatar To enjoy with ur friends ? ur family ? with any one ?,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
5454,Q293_R58,Q293_R60,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,birthday party. I am planning a birthday party for 8-10 girls . Could you suggest me a good place for that ? Prices ? Thank you in advance : alma,Irrelevant
5455,Q294_R12,Q294_R13,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Can you help me about family visit visa ??. Is there any salary limitations for bringing wife on Family visit visa ?? Morever while staying on visit visa is it possible to transfer into Residence >> Appreciate your help in this regards,Irrelevant
5456,Q294_R12,Q294_R24,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Business Visa Requirements. Hi; i took the business visa of my friend in one of the company here in Qatar. but just recently; she said that the need of authenticated letter of sponsor is need in the Philippine Immigration? does anybody know how true is this? Please help...,Irrelevant
5457,Q294_R12,Q294_R26,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,HOW TO OBTAIN TOURIST VISA IN DUBAI?. Hi there i am planning to got to Dubai by the end of March just a short trip that last only for maximum 3 days; I am holding a Philippine passport.My question is how can i obtain the visa from here in Doha? What are the requirements?for how long it will takes? how much will it cost me? Thanks a lot. :),Irrelevant
5458,Q294_R12,Q294_R98,Maximum period of a Visit Visa?. I'm currently in Doha on a 3 month Visit Visa. Anybody can please tell me; whether I can extend this futher more; maximum of how many months?,Wife Delivery in Visit visa. Hello Friends; My Wife is now 4 month pregnant and she is coming to Qatar this month; What if she deliver baby here on Visit visa? How about Passport/visa formalities for baby and cost for delivery charge? anybody please help about procedre? is it hard to deliver here or i shud swnd her back to my native place? Your sujestion is Highly appriciated!!!,Irrelevant
5459,Q294_R13,Q294_R24,Can you help me about family visit visa ??. Is there any salary limitations for bringing wife on Family visit visa ?? Morever while staying on visit visa is it possible to transfer into Residence >> Appreciate your help in this regards,Business Visa Requirements. Hi; i took the business visa of my friend in one of the company here in Qatar. but just recently; she said that the need of authenticated letter of sponsor is need in the Philippine Immigration? does anybody know how true is this? Please help...,Irrelevant
5460,Q294_R13,Q294_R26,Can you help me about family visit visa ??. Is there any salary limitations for bringing wife on Family visit visa ?? Morever while staying on visit visa is it possible to transfer into Residence >> Appreciate your help in this regards,HOW TO OBTAIN TOURIST VISA IN DUBAI?. Hi there i am planning to got to Dubai by the end of March just a short trip that last only for maximum 3 days; I am holding a Philippine passport.My question is how can i obtain the visa from here in Doha? What are the requirements?for how long it will takes? how much will it cost me? Thanks a lot. :),Irrelevant
5461,Q294_R13,Q294_R98,Can you help me about family visit visa ??. Is there any salary limitations for bringing wife on Family visit visa ?? Morever while staying on visit visa is it possible to transfer into Residence >> Appreciate your help in this regards,Wife Delivery in Visit visa. Hello Friends; My Wife is now 4 month pregnant and she is coming to Qatar this month; What if she deliver baby here on Visit visa? How about Passport/visa formalities for baby and cost for delivery charge? anybody please help about procedre? is it hard to deliver here or i shud swnd her back to my native place? Your sujestion is Highly appriciated!!!,Irrelevant
5462,Q294_R24,Q294_R26,Business Visa Requirements. Hi; i took the business visa of my friend in one of the company here in Qatar. but just recently; she said that the need of authenticated letter of sponsor is need in the Philippine Immigration? does anybody know how true is this? Please help...,HOW TO OBTAIN TOURIST VISA IN DUBAI?. Hi there i am planning to got to Dubai by the end of March just a short trip that last only for maximum 3 days; I am holding a Philippine passport.My question is how can i obtain the visa from here in Doha? What are the requirements?for how long it will takes? how much will it cost me? Thanks a lot. :),Irrelevant
5463,Q294_R24,Q294_R98,Business Visa Requirements. Hi; i took the business visa of my friend in one of the company here in Qatar. but just recently; she said that the need of authenticated letter of sponsor is need in the Philippine Immigration? does anybody know how true is this? Please help...,Wife Delivery in Visit visa. Hello Friends; My Wife is now 4 month pregnant and she is coming to Qatar this month; What if she deliver baby here on Visit visa? How about Passport/visa formalities for baby and cost for delivery charge? anybody please help about procedre? is it hard to deliver here or i shud swnd her back to my native place? Your sujestion is Highly appriciated!!!,Irrelevant
5464,Q294_R26,Q294_R98,HOW TO OBTAIN TOURIST VISA IN DUBAI?. Hi there i am planning to got to Dubai by the end of March just a short trip that last only for maximum 3 days; I am holding a Philippine passport.My question is how can i obtain the visa from here in Doha? What are the requirements?for how long it will takes? how much will it cost me? Thanks a lot. :),Wife Delivery in Visit visa. Hello Friends; My Wife is now 4 month pregnant and she is coming to Qatar this month; What if she deliver baby here on Visit visa? How about Passport/visa formalities for baby and cost for delivery charge? anybody please help about procedre? is it hard to deliver here or i shud swnd her back to my native place? Your sujestion is Highly appriciated!!!,Irrelevant
5465,Q295_R17,Q295_R28,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,Irrelevant
5466,Q295_R17,Q295_R31,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,Irrelevant
5467,Q295_R17,Q295_R32,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
5468,Q295_R17,Q295_R38,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,Irrelevant
5469,Q295_R17,Q295_R40,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Irrelevant
5470,Q295_R17,Q295_R42,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5471,Q295_R17,Q295_R50,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5472,Q295_R17,Q295_R61,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5473,Q295_R17,Q295_R63,HEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!. Me and my girlfriend are trying to figure out where to go this afternoon...what to do... we are just sooooooooooo bored and both husbands wont be home till dinner time.... please; what to do? where to go???,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5474,Q295_R28,Q295_R31,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,Irrelevant
5475,Q295_R28,Q295_R32,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
5476,Q295_R28,Q295_R38,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,Irrelevant
5477,Q295_R28,Q295_R40,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Irrelevant
5478,Q295_R28,Q295_R42,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5479,Q295_R28,Q295_R50,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5480,Q295_R28,Q295_R61,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5481,Q295_R28,Q295_R63,Leftovers?. This question is probably going to be best for the Indian ladies. I find myself with a lot of leftover cucumber raita. Short of serving it on the side of rice and curry; does anyone have any suggestions of what to do with it? I seem to have over estimated the quantity required for last night's iftar and now there is WAY too much for me to eat by myself!,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5482,Q295_R31,Q295_R32,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Irrelevant
5483,Q295_R31,Q295_R38,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,Irrelevant
5484,Q295_R31,Q295_R40,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Irrelevant
5485,Q295_R31,Q295_R42,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5486,Q295_R31,Q295_R50,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5487,Q295_R31,Q295_R61,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5488,Q295_R31,Q295_R63,If you are political leader; how will solve this issue?. There is a STATE say X; Group A wants the bifurcation and Group B don't want it. Both are on Hunger strikes. :) both have valid reasons.,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5489,Q295_R32,Q295_R38,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,Irrelevant
5490,Q295_R32,Q295_R40,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Irrelevant
5491,Q295_R32,Q295_R42,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5492,Q295_R32,Q295_R50,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5493,Q295_R32,Q295_R61,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5494,Q295_R32,Q295_R63,Qatari Wedding. We have been invited to a Qatari Wedding this Thursday; and apart from not knowing anyone (as my husband will be on the men's party and I will be at the women's party - to state the obvious!) I have no idea what to expect and what the customs are.  What should I wear? Do we bring a gift?  What happens during a wedding? I am very honored to have been invited but terrified of making a fool of my self!,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5495,Q295_R38,Q295_R40,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Irrelevant
5496,Q295_R38,Q295_R42,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5497,Q295_R38,Q295_R50,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5498,Q295_R38,Q295_R61,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5499,Q295_R38,Q295_R63,Anyone bored this weekend?. A simple question... and a solution.. lol..,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5500,Q295_R40,Q295_R42,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Irrelevant
5501,Q295_R40,Q295_R50,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5502,Q295_R40,Q295_R61,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5503,Q295_R40,Q295_R63,How can we celebrate Christmas in Doha?. We will need to be in Doha for the holidays... how is it like over here? Is it possible to celebrate Christmas? What about New Year's eve? Thanks,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5504,Q295_R42,Q295_R50,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Irrelevant
5505,Q295_R42,Q295_R61,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5506,Q295_R42,Q295_R63,favourite dish. what is the most popular dish or food item in ur country? something that a dinner party would be incomplete without. Do mention what it consists of i mean is it a gravy; rice dish a form of pasta....,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5507,Q295_R50,Q295_R61,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Irrelevant
5508,Q295_R50,Q295_R63,How to spend Xmas in Doha?. What to do during Christmas as an expat here in Doha????? Advice please; advice; advice; advice. THX,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5509,Q295_R61,Q295_R63,♥ Does ur life revolve around ur husband? ♥. Obviously; this thread is just for the wives. BE HONEST please :-DDD SoOoOoOo; does it? :-D Ohhh...Alright...; 1964 I’ll be back ..,Tamilians only!. Yellorukkum vanakkam!naan ingey QL-lay konjam naalaa irukken.aanaa ithu varaikkum yaarumey tamizh-lay postings podara maathiri theriyala.....QL-lay neraiyya tamizh pesaravangey irukkaangey-nnu yenakku theriyum.namba yellorum yean oru puthu group aarambikka koodaathu? Unga yellorudaiyum cooperation yethir paarkkiren! Endrum anbudan Ungal Svelte! Moderator note - this thread has been locked - English only in the main forum please,Irrelevant
5510,Q296_R45,Q296_R52,Salary Deduction for 3 Days Eid Holiday. I took a 2 week leave which coincided with the 3 days Eid-el-Fitr holiday in the middle. The company deducted my salary for these 3 days saying that the holiday fell within my leave so i was not not entitled to it as 'paid holiday'. Is it true that the Qatar Labour Law for this section has been interpreted as such?,How to go home without exit permit. My sponsor is not willing to give me exit permit in the fear of my not return. I am about 3 years at Qatar; and I want to go home on a vacation before Eid. Is there any way to go home without the exit permit from sponsor? I want to go home before Eid; no matter what does it cost; even cancellation of my visa. Thank you for your advice.,Irrelevant
5511,Q297_R17,Q297_R22,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,Irrelevant
5512,Q297_R17,Q297_R31,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5513,Q297_R17,Q297_R32,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5514,Q297_R17,Q297_R33,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5515,Q297_R17,Q297_R39,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5516,Q297_R17,Q297_R43,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5517,Q297_R17,Q297_R48,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5518,Q297_R17,Q297_R56,Shipments to Qatar. Hello All; We are moving to Qatar in August. Need advice on sending 2 separate household goods shipments. Any comments on that? What are the documents required to send a shipment; what is required to receive a shipment. Any information on household shipments and regulations would be appreciated. Thanks; Fitri,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5519,Q297_R22,Q297_R31,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5520,Q297_R22,Q297_R32,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5521,Q297_R22,Q297_R33,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5522,Q297_R22,Q297_R39,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5523,Q297_R22,Q297_R43,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5524,Q297_R22,Q297_R48,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5525,Q297_R22,Q297_R56,cheapest Cargo services?. hi all; can anybody suggest which is the cheapest cargo(shipping) service center availabe in Qatar to transport things to Singapore and its contact numbers or the place where its office is located in Qatar? Very urgent as we are leaving the country. Thankyou for ur help .,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5526,Q297_R31,Q297_R32,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5527,Q297_R31,Q297_R33,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5528,Q297_R31,Q297_R39,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5529,Q297_R31,Q297_R43,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5530,Q297_R31,Q297_R48,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5531,Q297_R31,Q297_R56,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5532,Q297_R32,Q297_R33,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Irrelevant
5533,Q297_R32,Q297_R39,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5534,Q297_R32,Q297_R43,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5535,Q297_R32,Q297_R48,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5536,Q297_R32,Q297_R56,TATA SAFARI in Qatar. Why TATA SAFARI is not available in Qatar??,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5537,Q297_R33,Q297_R39,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5538,Q297_R33,Q297_R43,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5539,Q297_R33,Q297_R48,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5540,Q297_R33,Q297_R56,Safety for women. Hello; How safe is it for ladies to move alone? Do Indian ladies move freely and alone on their own or by public transport / taxies? We are used to UAE life which we feel safe. Is it comparable? Thanks,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5541,Q297_R39,Q297_R43,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,Irrelevant
5542,Q297_R39,Q297_R48,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5543,Q297_R39,Q297_R56,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5544,Q297_R43,Q297_R48,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,Irrelevant
5545,Q297_R43,Q297_R56,Any Garmin GPS shop in Qatar?. I wanted to know about any genuine garmin GPS dealer here in Qatar. I wanted to have a Garmin GPS installed in my vehicle in case i go outside Qatar to have a short trip.,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5546,Q297_R48,Q297_R56,PAK VS. INDIA !! WHOS GONNA WIN ?. WHOOS GONNA WIN ... GUESS AND TELL :D,How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm ?. Hi; How much should I expect to save in 20;000/- pm. I am married with no kids and considering a reasonable life style. This is an all in pay i.e I would have to take care of my housing also Also what is the cost of car rental / Loan in Qatar ?,Irrelevant
5547,Q298_R5,Q298_R7,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Irrelevant
5548,Q298_R5,Q298_R20,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Irrelevant
5549,Q298_R5,Q298_R32,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
5550,Q298_R5,Q298_R45,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Irrelevant
5551,Q298_R5,Q298_R47,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
5552,Q298_R5,Q298_R48,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5553,Q298_R5,Q298_R53,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5554,Q298_R5,Q298_R54,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5555,Q298_R5,Q298_R62,Traffic in India vs traffic in Doha. I was cursed here many times for being "racist" when I said that the biggest danger on the road are bus; truck and bike drivers from subcontinent. Just watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjrEQaG5jPM They come to Doha used to driving and walking like this - no lanes; no rules; no traffic lights; and continue behaving exactly the same way on the streets of Doha. Can't wait for the police to enforce the new traffic rules...,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5556,Q298_R7,Q298_R20,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Irrelevant
5557,Q298_R7,Q298_R32,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
5558,Q298_R7,Q298_R45,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Irrelevant
5559,Q298_R7,Q298_R47,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
5560,Q298_R7,Q298_R48,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5561,Q298_R7,Q298_R53,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5562,Q298_R7,Q298_R54,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5563,Q298_R7,Q298_R62,I LOVE RAMADAN....DO YOU?. let me know the reason... why?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5564,Q298_R20,Q298_R32,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Irrelevant
5565,Q298_R20,Q298_R45,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Irrelevant
5566,Q298_R20,Q298_R47,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
5567,Q298_R20,Q298_R48,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5568,Q298_R20,Q298_R53,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5569,Q298_R20,Q298_R54,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5570,Q298_R20,Q298_R62,Why is '4 x 4' not yet banned?. He is flooding the forum with his silly nonsense one line threads…Why is he still not banned even after repeated flagging? Is he invisible to Moderators?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5571,Q298_R32,Q298_R45,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Irrelevant
5572,Q298_R32,Q298_R47,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
5573,Q298_R32,Q298_R48,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5574,Q298_R32,Q298_R53,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5575,Q298_R32,Q298_R54,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5576,Q298_R32,Q298_R62,Mixed Sex Accommodation. Hi Everyone; I'm male; and live in a house share with another male. A female friend from home has said she'd like to move out here to look for work. We have a spare room. Is she legally allowed to occupy it?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5577,Q298_R45,Q298_R47,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Irrelevant
5578,Q298_R45,Q298_R48,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5579,Q298_R45,Q298_R53,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5580,Q298_R45,Q298_R54,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5581,Q298_R45,Q298_R62,Staring is not customary. I read in a good book given to us by a resident of qatar which gives you insight into everything qatar. It is informative and very useful. Giving you information from which taxi service to ring to customary do's and dont's. To the point; if its customary not to stare Why why why are so many people doing it pray tell????? All proceeds are welcome.,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5582,Q298_R47,Q298_R48,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5583,Q298_R47,Q298_R53,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5584,Q298_R47,Q298_R54,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5585,Q298_R47,Q298_R62,Islam and sports. A question from non-muslim.. I have been following up the World Championship in artistic gymnastics; and then there was a picture of a Qatari gymnast Aljazy Al-Habshi http://www.minkusimages.de/img/mi077_3d592d304d2ce26b96bc2260f69e2de1_52865.jpg Just would like to understand how does it comply with islamic rules of woman covering body and hair. Or is this girl violating the religious rules? Would like to get an answer from our fellow Qataris; please...,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5586,Q298_R48,Q298_R53,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5587,Q298_R48,Q298_R54,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5588,Q298_R48,Q298_R62,Curves (Weight Loss Center). Hi Has anyone tried the 'Curves' weight loss center? How is it? What are the rates and timings? Any information and/or reviews would help. Thank you.,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5589,Q298_R53,Q298_R54,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,Irrelevant
5590,Q298_R53,Q298_R62,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5591,Q298_R54,Q298_R62,pork for sale in Doha?. Heard a rumor that out near the Liquor store a building is going to be built where they will sell Pork products; by licence; just like the liquor store. Anyone else heard this rumor?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5592,Q299_R6,Q299_R8,broken.............. how to mend a broken sweet heart????,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Irrelevant
5593,Q299_R6,Q299_R37,broken.............. how to mend a broken sweet heart????,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
5594,Q299_R6,Q299_R38,broken.............. how to mend a broken sweet heart????,Place to roam. Can anyone tell me If a person coming from India for the first time where he can roam in Qatar and which are the best places for shopping and is it cheap to shop from Qatar? And How about nightlife in Qatar? Are there any disco's in Qatar?,Irrelevant
5595,Q299_R6,Q299_R40,broken.............. how to mend a broken sweet heart????,Help me to find a Indian Night Club in Qatar. Hello Friends this is nir...Can anyone help me to find a indian bar in Qatar? Thank You,Irrelevant
5596,Q299_R8,Q299_R37,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Irrelevant
5597,Q299_R8,Q299_R38,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Place to roam. Can anyone tell me If a person coming from India for the first time where he can roam in Qatar and which are the best places for shopping and is it cheap to shop from Qatar? And How about nightlife in Qatar? Are there any disco's in Qatar?,Irrelevant
5598,Q299_R8,Q299_R40,Best Bars in Town?. On this weekend ; I am planning to go to some bar.Had'nt any drink for 5 weeks.Can some one give rating on the bars; Criteria; drinks and ambiance?,Help me to find a Indian Night Club in Qatar. Hello Friends this is nir...Can anyone help me to find a indian bar in Qatar? Thank You,Irrelevant
5599,Q299_R37,Q299_R38,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Place to roam. Can anyone tell me If a person coming from India for the first time where he can roam in Qatar and which are the best places for shopping and is it cheap to shop from Qatar? And How about nightlife in Qatar? Are there any disco's in Qatar?,Irrelevant
5600,Q299_R37,Q299_R40,Saturday nights in Doha? Qube nightclub?. Hi all! Me and some friends from london are looking to come over to Doha for a couple of weeks. Whats the party scene like on Friday and Saturday nights? I hear that in Qatar nobody goes out on saturday; is that true? Where would you go for RnB and hiphop? And Ive heard alot about a club called Qube is it any good? Any feedback would be welcome thanks!,Help me to find a Indian Night Club in Qatar. Hello Friends this is nir...Can anyone help me to find a indian bar in Qatar? Thank You,Irrelevant
5601,Q299_R38,Q299_R40,Place to roam. Can anyone tell me If a person coming from India for the first time where he can roam in Qatar and which are the best places for shopping and is it cheap to shop from Qatar? And How about nightlife in Qatar? Are there any disco's in Qatar?,Help me to find a Indian Night Club in Qatar. Hello Friends this is nir...Can anyone help me to find a indian bar in Qatar? Thank You,Irrelevant
5602,Q300_R18,Q300_R23,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Irrelevant
5603,Q300_R18,Q300_R30,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
5604,Q300_R18,Q300_R37,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Irrelevant
5605,Q300_R18,Q300_R41,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Irrelevant
5606,Q300_R18,Q300_R50,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5607,Q300_R18,Q300_R54,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5608,Q300_R18,Q300_R55,Medical Test. Hi all; are hepatitis B & C checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals? Basically;I have been getting conflicting information on this. Some say that Hep B & C are tested for everyone applying for residence permit. Others say that only medical professionals; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for Hep B & C. Please discuss!,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5609,Q300_R23,Q300_R30,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Irrelevant
5610,Q300_R23,Q300_R37,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Irrelevant
5611,Q300_R23,Q300_R41,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Irrelevant
5612,Q300_R23,Q300_R50,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5613,Q300_R23,Q300_R54,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5614,Q300_R23,Q300_R55,Resigning within probation period. Dear All; I have been working with a local company; my probaion period is 6 months. however i m not happy with my job; and would like to change. i got another offer from different co. 1.can i resign? if so how many days notice as per qatari law. 2.can i change my sponsorship to my new company I have done medical but finger print NOT done; not contract sign.. pls help me,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5615,Q300_R30,Q300_R37,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Irrelevant
5616,Q300_R30,Q300_R41,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Irrelevant
5617,Q300_R30,Q300_R50,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5618,Q300_R30,Q300_R54,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5619,Q300_R30,Q300_R55,Changing your profession on Residence visa. My profession shown in my residence visa is Technician whereas in reality I am working as Manager. I tried to change my profession from Technician to Manager through our agent but for some reason he is saying it is not possible. I have Masters in Business administration and Masters in Geology. I really wonder why this change can't be done. Does any body has any suggestion of how to do this change?,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5620,Q300_R37,Q300_R41,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Irrelevant
5621,Q300_R37,Q300_R50,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5622,Q300_R37,Q300_R54,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5623,Q300_R37,Q300_R55,Re-Entry Visa - Umrah. Hi Friends I want to know what is the procedure for re-entry visa to come back qatar after umrah? can i get it only after saudi visa is ready or even before. thanks,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5624,Q300_R41,Q300_R50,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Irrelevant
5625,Q300_R41,Q300_R54,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5626,Q300_R41,Q300_R55,Where do you get your hair done?. Where do you get your haircut boys? Kindly advise where would be your best barber in town. Thanks.,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5627,Q300_R50,Q300_R54,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5628,Q300_R50,Q300_R55,Reliable and honest garages in Doha.. Can anyone recommend a reliable garage that is also low priced? I have been around the industrial area but its hard to know who is reliable and who is not. The best way is if i hear from the experience of the QatarLiving members. I am looking to do some work on my land cruiser.,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5629,Q300_R54,Q300_R55,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Best Car Window Tinting. I know this has been done; but for fear of looking into the back seat of my car and finding my toddler in a puddle in his car seat I am asking for advise. I was considering putting Luminar on my windows but dont know which shop does it. Is there anything better for keeping the heat out?,Irrelevant
5630,Q301_R22,Q301_R27,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Irrelevant
5631,Q301_R22,Q301_R36,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Irrelevant
5632,Q301_R22,Q301_R39,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Irrelevant
5633,Q301_R22,Q301_R40,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5634,Q301_R22,Q301_R48,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Irrelevant
5635,Q301_R22,Q301_R64,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5636,Q301_R22,Q301_R70,How about this one?. Have a look ! http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65E2C920100615,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5637,Q301_R27,Q301_R36,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Irrelevant
5638,Q301_R27,Q301_R39,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Irrelevant
5639,Q301_R27,Q301_R40,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5640,Q301_R27,Q301_R48,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Irrelevant
5641,Q301_R27,Q301_R64,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5642,Q301_R27,Q301_R70,Atheists II. Does being an atheist makes you a lesser person? Some look at atheists in a not so good way; some even avoid talking to them and worst some judge them for their beliefs.,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5643,Q301_R36,Q301_R39,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Irrelevant
5644,Q301_R36,Q301_R40,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5645,Q301_R36,Q301_R48,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Irrelevant
5646,Q301_R36,Q301_R64,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5647,Q301_R36,Q301_R70,Qatari's attitude towards Expat Women & Why?. Iam here in qatar for about 6 &1/2 years. Many people have said to me that they are happy about the Qatari youngsters attitiude towards the women because these guys are not starring at our wives & daughters in a bad sense like we experience in our countries. Do you think it is right? if YES/NO then why?,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5648,Q301_R39,Q301_R40,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Irrelevant
5649,Q301_R39,Q301_R48,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Irrelevant
5650,Q301_R39,Q301_R64,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5651,Q301_R39,Q301_R70,Sharia and Arabic in expat schools. Today's Gulf Times carried an article where recommendations were made to make arabic language and sharia compulsory in curricula of all expat schools in Qatar. How do QL'ers with school going kids feel about this? Make your opinions heard.,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5652,Q301_R40,Q301_R48,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Irrelevant
5653,Q301_R40,Q301_R64,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5654,Q301_R40,Q301_R70,The MOST Powerfull Muslim Country ? Who?. The one Still Resisting or the Ones Waiting for getting Resisted.....,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5655,Q301_R48,Q301_R64,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Irrelevant
5656,Q301_R48,Q301_R70,Afghanistan's Dirty Little Secret. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2010/08/28/INF21F2Q9H.DTL,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5657,Q301_R64,Q301_R70,Sinister confessions - Brace Yourself.. Here is my carefully compiled list of swear words : farthead; dumb; crazy; morron; dumbhead; nincompoop. I use them occasionally when being provoked by those crank callers on phone (Which happened today). Guess that makes me 'unlady like'. So who throws the first stone ?,Which came first; CHICKEN or EGG?. ,Irrelevant
5658,Q302_R12,Q302_R16,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,Driving license Validity. If u r a holder of Qatar Driving license and ur visa gets cancelled and go back again here for visit visa..is ur qatar driving license still valid and can still be allowed to drive again here...any ideas?,Irrelevant
5659,Q302_R12,Q302_R46,Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines?. Hi; I am going to the Philippines in a couple months. Can I use my Qatar's driver's license to drive in the Philippines? I am planning to renew my old Phil. license but it might take a few days. I am planning to make an inquiry in the Phil. but I have a feeling that somebody here knows the answer to my question. Thank you very much in advance.,tricks on driving licence exam?.  anybody can advise me a trick to get driving licence on parking test? thanks,Irrelevant
5660,Q302_R16,Q302_R46,Driving license Validity. If u r a holder of Qatar Driving license and ur visa gets cancelled and go back again here for visit visa..is ur qatar driving license still valid and can still be allowed to drive again here...any ideas?,tricks on driving licence exam?.  anybody can advise me a trick to get driving licence on parking test? thanks,Irrelevant
5661,Q303_R20,Q303_R23,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,Irrelevant
5662,Q303_R20,Q303_R35,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
5663,Q303_R20,Q303_R36,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5664,Q303_R20,Q303_R38,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Irrelevant
5665,Q303_R20,Q303_R39,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Irrelevant
5666,Q303_R20,Q303_R44,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5667,Q303_R20,Q303_R45,Vacation Pictures... We all love to go on vacation and take pics... Here's one of Baldrick in Dubai.. Why not share yours ?,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5668,Q303_R23,Q303_R35,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Irrelevant
5669,Q303_R23,Q303_R36,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5670,Q303_R23,Q303_R38,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Irrelevant
5671,Q303_R23,Q303_R39,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Irrelevant
5672,Q303_R23,Q303_R44,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5673,Q303_R23,Q303_R45,i want to adopt a dog.... i want someone to share my life with... but i want labrador retriever.. is there any chance i can find here in qatar?,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5674,Q303_R35,Q303_R36,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Irrelevant
5675,Q303_R35,Q303_R38,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Irrelevant
5676,Q303_R35,Q303_R39,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Irrelevant
5677,Q303_R35,Q303_R44,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5678,Q303_R35,Q303_R45,Visa cancellation without passport. Can my sponsor cancel my visa even without my passport? Thank you guys...,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5679,Q303_R36,Q303_R38,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Irrelevant
5680,Q303_R36,Q303_R39,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Irrelevant
5681,Q303_R36,Q303_R44,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5682,Q303_R36,Q303_R45,Things you can't buy in Qatar =(. What sort of things do you find difficult to buy; or can't buy; in Qatar??,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5683,Q303_R38,Q303_R39,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Irrelevant
5684,Q303_R38,Q303_R44,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5685,Q303_R38,Q303_R45,bizzare food balut. hai Qlers; iam an indian.my girl friend is from philipines.after returning from her vacation;she is compelling me to eat balut.i hate that stuff.she is telling me that if i cannot eat a balut i cannot love a filipina.is there any relation between a balut and love?should i eat one or kick her??,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5686,Q303_R39,Q303_R44,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Irrelevant
5687,Q303_R39,Q303_R45,Tasweeq. Hello Fellow QL'ers; does anyone have a number for a company called tasweeq? aand yes; i did try 180; but as we all know.....,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5688,Q303_R44,Q303_R45,are there any dangerous wild animals in Qatar?. ,Minimum wage for house maids.. I have been told that the Qatari government is about to introduce a minimum wage of 1460 QR per month for house maids. The sponsor having to pay it directly into the employee's bank account. Anyone with more information?,Irrelevant
5689,Q304_R4,Q304_R13,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Irrelevant
5690,Q304_R4,Q304_R17,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Irrelevant
5691,Q304_R4,Q304_R18,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,Irrelevant
5692,Q304_R4,Q304_R19,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
5693,Q304_R4,Q304_R29,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,Irrelevant
5694,Q304_R4,Q304_R32,Is Dubai a good place to move to?. Hi; I may be moving to the U.A.E. for work and I would like to ask about the living conditions there. Is it comparable to Qatar? Thanks all.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5695,Q304_R13,Q304_R17,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Irrelevant
5696,Q304_R13,Q304_R18,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,Irrelevant
5697,Q304_R13,Q304_R19,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
5698,Q304_R13,Q304_R29,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,Irrelevant
5699,Q304_R13,Q304_R32,What is living in the Philippines like?. I'm very loosely thinking about moving to the Philippines. Can anyone tell me about living there? Is there an expat forum that people use (my Google search reveals nothing)? Are the bigger cities safe for expats? Safe for expat Chinese? Thanks for any info you can provide.,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5700,Q304_R17,Q304_R18,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,Irrelevant
5701,Q304_R17,Q304_R19,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
5702,Q304_R17,Q304_R29,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,Irrelevant
5703,Q304_R17,Q304_R32,Is Doha a boring place?. How do you avoid the boredom trap in Qatar? Read more: http://dohanews.co/post/33700405259/im-bored-by-khalid-albaih-and-contributed-to-the#ixzz29SHhOqlT,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5704,Q304_R18,Q304_R19,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),Irrelevant
5705,Q304_R18,Q304_R29,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,Irrelevant
5706,Q304_R18,Q304_R32,qatar petroleum. hi friends. my name is Inez ahmed. im from Indonesia. My husband is a SAP specialist. Two weeks ago; he was interviewed by Qatar Petroleum and have sent his sertificate. does anyone know about the process of recruitment in Qatar Petroleum. how long is it? i need more information about Qatar Petroleum. thank you.. best regards; inez ahmed wassalam mualalikum,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5707,Q304_R19,Q304_R29,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,Irrelevant
5708,Q304_R19,Q304_R32,Where is the best area to live in Qatar.. I am moving to Qatar next month and I want to find out where would be the best place to live (area). Is it true that all appartments are funished? Want to see if it feasable to move my furniture with me from Dubai or just sell it and get new ones in Qatar! Thanks :),PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5709,Q304_R29,Q304_R32,What is the Doha library like?. Where I lived before; I liked getting a few hours of work done in the library every once in a while. What is the Doha library like? I hope it is not overrun with screaming kids like the library in my Canadian hometown. Does it have wifi?,PERSONAL LOAN AND WORK TERMINATION. I am currently working here in Qatar; our employer informed us that they will transfer to contractor with less salary; but we have option not to accept; but the problem is I have Personal Loan in one of the BAnk here in DOHA; what if I will not accept the offer; what will happen to me ; I mean did the BAnk will force to pay or not?,Irrelevant
5710,Q305_R8,Q305_R11,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Irrelevant
5711,Q305_R8,Q305_R22,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,Irrelevant
5712,Q305_R8,Q305_R27,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,Irrelevant
5713,Q305_R8,Q305_R30,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,Irrelevant
5714,Q305_R8,Q305_R46,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5715,Q305_R8,Q305_R48,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5716,Q305_R8,Q305_R55,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5717,Q305_R8,Q305_R56,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5718,Q305_R8,Q305_R59,Jesus- Crucified?In light of Bible and Qur'an. The Son of Mary came to earth to spread the message of truth; love; pardon;. He was rejected by jews. Later the enemies of truth planned to crucify Jesus. But my point here is - what happened to Jesus? whether he was crucified??? Explain with the texts from Bible & Qur'an. It is discussion. No offensive humiliating posts please.,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5719,Q305_R11,Q305_R22,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,Irrelevant
5720,Q305_R11,Q305_R27,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,Irrelevant
5721,Q305_R11,Q305_R30,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,Irrelevant
5722,Q305_R11,Q305_R46,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5723,Q305_R11,Q305_R48,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5724,Q305_R11,Q305_R55,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5725,Q305_R11,Q305_R56,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5726,Q305_R11,Q305_R59,A question for the Islam Converts...... This is a question to the likes of PM and others who converted to Islam. Basically; what is involved ? How does a person start the process ? Just intrested....,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5727,Q305_R22,Q305_R27,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,Irrelevant
5728,Q305_R22,Q305_R30,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,Irrelevant
5729,Q305_R22,Q305_R46,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5730,Q305_R22,Q305_R48,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5731,Q305_R22,Q305_R55,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5732,Q305_R22,Q305_R56,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5733,Q305_R22,Q305_R59,Cows Urine / Excrement .... Can any of our qatari people tell us why they think Cows Urine is so important and why Hindus must drink it ?,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5734,Q305_R27,Q305_R30,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,Irrelevant
5735,Q305_R27,Q305_R46,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5736,Q305_R27,Q305_R48,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5737,Q305_R27,Q305_R55,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5738,Q305_R27,Q305_R56,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5739,Q305_R27,Q305_R59,Death of the Universe.. Will the universe collapse back in; in itself and the universe bursts in flames and another big bang is produced? Will the universe expand to an extend that it will freeze? Will it just keep expanding? Did it happen before?is this just a cycle of the universe? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmcf7T92H7M,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5740,Q305_R30,Q305_R46,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Irrelevant
5741,Q305_R30,Q305_R48,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5742,Q305_R30,Q305_R55,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5743,Q305_R30,Q305_R56,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5744,Q305_R30,Q305_R59,Is Sikhism the answer?. Allegedly from Dr John Smith of the athiest society. http://www.qatarliving.com/files/image001_23.jpg,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5745,Q305_R46,Q305_R48,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Irrelevant
5746,Q305_R46,Q305_R55,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5747,Q305_R46,Q305_R56,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5748,Q305_R46,Q305_R59,UN move to protect gays & transgender. In a latest move; the United Nations continued its march to further add homosexuality and transgender to its list of human rights. Is the UN going too far; and what does this mean for countries that condemn these things as unacceptable to their culture? Will the UN of the future start putting such nations on its pariah list? http://www.chicagonow.com/trans-girl-cross/2012/11/united-nations-protect-transgender/,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5749,Q305_R48,Q305_R55,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,Irrelevant
5750,Q305_R48,Q305_R56,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5751,Q305_R48,Q305_R59,HIJAB - A burden to Muslim womens ?. Why only a few muslim womens wear hijab ? Why not others ? Is hijab making a women outdated !! plz share your comments..,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5752,Q305_R55,Q305_R56,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,Irrelevant
5753,Q305_R55,Q305_R59,Why is polygamy/bigamy a crime in the west?. Why is polygamy/bigamy is considered a crime in the west? Crime in what sense? what if the wife agrees? And is cheating on wife/having a permanent girlfriend besides her considered an equally serious crime? and why? Why is polygamy/bigamy prohibited; while prostitution and same sex marriage are being legalized? It is said that even in Islamic countries; bigamy is limited; so why is the west so scared about it?,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5754,Q305_R56,Q305_R59,WHY INDIAN SO CRAZY WITH GOLD?. Recently Indian Government bought 200 Tons of Gold from other country....The Gold price suddenly increase to a tremendously high................ Why Indian so crazy in wearing Gold or golden accessories...their men and women wearing gold or golden jewelry; accessories extraordinarily...friend of mine wearing golden rings on 3 of his finger right and left...it's insane...,TATTOO'S IN ISLAM. ACCORDING TO ISLAM ARE WE MUSLIMS ALLOWED TO GET TATTOO'S DONE?? IVE DONE A LIL BIT OF RESEARCH AND ASKED LOADS OF PEOPLE BUT COULDNT FIND A STRONG PROOF OR A STRONG POINT..MOSTLY WOT I GOT WAS 50-50... WOT DO U HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS?,Irrelevant
5755,Q306_R17,Q306_R47,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Irrelevant
5756,Q306_R17,Q306_R54,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5757,Q306_R17,Q306_R57,Salary of Nurses in Private Hospital in Doha. Hi everyone! Please any1 can help me? I need to have an idea how much do private clinics and hospitals offer for filipino nurses. I am a nurse and I'm going to attend job interviews some days from now.I need to have values whenever ask how much do i expect for salary. :-) well; I need a job as well as respectable salary. :-) thank you ...,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5758,Q306_R47,Q306_R54,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Irrelevant
5759,Q306_R47,Q306_R57,Hamad Medical corp Salary. hey guys. I`m a nurse here in the phils. i just signed a contract for hamad as a staff nurse. the offer is 5600 qatar riyals per month plus 1000 qatar riyal for transportation allowance. Is that a great deal? how about the free accommodation does it look good? I`m anxious about my new job. help pls.,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5760,Q306_R54,Q306_R57,Medical examination info?. Hi all. I finished my medical exam here in Doha. I would like to know besides HIV and TB; is there any other disease checked in the medical examination? Im only interested in the diseases that will make me fail the exam. And how many days or weeks will the result will be available? Thanks,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5761,Q307_R5,Q307_R7,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Irrelevant
5762,Q307_R5,Q307_R9,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5763,Q307_R5,Q307_R12,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
5764,Q307_R5,Q307_R15,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
5765,Q307_R5,Q307_R23,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
5766,Q307_R5,Q307_R35,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5767,Q307_R5,Q307_R36,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5768,Q307_R5,Q307_R45,To Be with a Non-Filipino A Sin?. Hi To All! Im married to a non-filipino man and it pisses me off everytime we go out like shopping and people will gv us this nasty looks as if it is a big deal for them if a filipina is with a guy of other nationality (mostly who does this are indians). Sometimes also some kabayans would say " Nakabingwit Si Kabayan Ng Malaking Isda";it always happen to me in Souq; I mean Why? Is Loving Him A Sin?,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5769,Q307_R7,Q307_R9,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Irrelevant
5770,Q307_R7,Q307_R12,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
5771,Q307_R7,Q307_R15,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
5772,Q307_R7,Q307_R23,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
5773,Q307_R7,Q307_R35,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5774,Q307_R7,Q307_R36,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5775,Q307_R7,Q307_R45,Why Keralites???. Why do Keralites 1. When their asked their nationality ; they say from Kerala? are they ashamed to call themselves an Indian? Or they don't deserve to be Indian? 2. Ask to many personal question when they frist meet ppl? 3. exaggerate things? and so on and on and on??? Am not trying to generalize but this question is for the 98% of the keralites ....the 2% are my good friends....,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5776,Q307_R9,Q307_R12,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Irrelevant
5777,Q307_R9,Q307_R15,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
5778,Q307_R9,Q307_R23,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
5779,Q307_R9,Q307_R35,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5780,Q307_R9,Q307_R36,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5781,Q307_R9,Q307_R45,Doctors - Salaries/allowances/living/Training @ HMC.. Hi; Any doctors around working at HMC as resident? I have applied for residency training program at HMC. Awaiting reply; however; I was wondring what would be the salary to expect and allownaces? Do they offer accommodation to married couples? If not what kind of living allowance they give? Basic salary? How is the training there at HMC? Your guidance will be appreciated. Thanks. S.,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5782,Q307_R12,Q307_R15,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Irrelevant
5783,Q307_R12,Q307_R23,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
5784,Q307_R12,Q307_R35,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5785,Q307_R12,Q307_R36,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5786,Q307_R12,Q307_R45,Qatari Men and Western Women. Ok guys I am going to prehaps ticks someone off again but I have a question; not Sunny but me. Will a Qatari man go out with a western Christian girl; have sex with her and then move on because he think women from the west are wild and sex craved. Sunny has received quite a bit response from Qatari men who want to date her once we arrive; I even got an offer myself. But I believe it is a trap and I tell Sunny be careful. Any advice out there?,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5787,Q307_R15,Q307_R23,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Irrelevant
5788,Q307_R15,Q307_R35,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5789,Q307_R15,Q307_R36,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5790,Q307_R15,Q307_R45,Is kerala in Thailand?. Whenever i ask a keralite if he is from india his answer will be no am from Kerala;so am wondering if Kerala is not part of India and its in the US or Thialand or wherever;I feel there is so much hate between keralite and other part of India specialy Mumbai and Delhi? Also in a Company where the Manager is a keralite the preference of hiring emlpyees goes to Keralite only and not other indian.. Any Idea?,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5791,Q307_R23,Q307_R35,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Irrelevant
5792,Q307_R23,Q307_R36,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5793,Q307_R23,Q307_R45,Western Men and Asian Women ?. I've noticed recently around Qatar that the rate of Western men with Asian women is pretty high compared to other places I've lived in; I'm just wondering what's up with that ? Do Western men over here (and everywhere else) have a preference towards Asian women or is just a coincidence that I see alot of these couples around? Anyone have any idea ?,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5794,Q307_R35,Q307_R36,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Irrelevant
5795,Q307_R35,Q307_R45,Worst Embassy in Qatar?. Ok - your nominations please for the "Most Useless Embassy" in Qatar? Who should have their little diplomatic flag stuffed up their nostril? Who forgets who pays their salaries to swan around to cocktail parties? Who couldn't get care less about the citizens as long as they get to have a shiny car? Who thinks a visa is a card to go shopping with? Please Give me reasons.... no more than 300 words ... thanks a bundle.,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5796,Q307_R36,Q307_R45,falling In love with a different nationality.. Just heard from QBS radio... so now i wonder what love really is? Or why do we consider nationality; jobs or special things as a category...?,Letter P and Arabic. The Arabic alphabet doesnâ€™t have the letter P. Thus in its absence; people here would normally pronounce â€œPâ€? as â€œBâ€? whenever they encounter words that have letter P; for instance words such as Pakistan toothpaste; hypertext; or anything that has P on it. Sounds funny huh but youâ€™ll get used to it. I feel a bit sorry for Superman and Spiderman; lucky Batman though. heeheeehe,Irrelevant
5797,Q308_R14,Q308_R17,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Irrelevant
5798,Q308_R14,Q308_R22,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Irrelevant
5799,Q308_R14,Q308_R23,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Irrelevant
5800,Q308_R14,Q308_R27,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
5801,Q308_R14,Q308_R32,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Irrelevant
5802,Q308_R14,Q308_R40,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5803,Q308_R14,Q308_R41,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5804,Q308_R14,Q308_R48,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5805,Q308_R14,Q308_R53,Where do Qataris hangout?. Anybody have any clue where the Qataris hangout? Like places where they sit around; chit chat; talk about anything under the sun? any idea? really curious as u seldom see them wondering around the roads or grocery shops..or anything like that.. where are the Qataris?,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5806,Q308_R17,Q308_R22,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Irrelevant
5807,Q308_R17,Q308_R23,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Irrelevant
5808,Q308_R17,Q308_R27,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
5809,Q308_R17,Q308_R32,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Irrelevant
5810,Q308_R17,Q308_R40,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5811,Q308_R17,Q308_R41,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5812,Q308_R17,Q308_R48,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5813,Q308_R17,Q308_R53,How much in your wallet/purse right now?. Just checked mine; poooh; 200 UAE Dirhams & 52 QR...; cash-point visit required me thinks! Hence wondering about everybody else; I mean in the UK one wouldn't keep much in there in case someone nicked your wallet out your back pocket; but petty theft crime here seems remarkably low; although on the increase in Dubai... Torque,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5814,Q308_R22,Q308_R23,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Irrelevant
5815,Q308_R22,Q308_R27,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
5816,Q308_R22,Q308_R32,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Irrelevant
5817,Q308_R22,Q308_R40,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5818,Q308_R22,Q308_R41,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5819,Q308_R22,Q308_R48,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5820,Q308_R22,Q308_R53,Silica Gel. I really need to buy massive amount of silica gel. Can anyone advise me please where I can buy these? Cheers,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5821,Q308_R23,Q308_R27,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Irrelevant
5822,Q308_R23,Q308_R32,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Irrelevant
5823,Q308_R23,Q308_R40,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5824,Q308_R23,Q308_R41,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5825,Q308_R23,Q308_R48,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5826,Q308_R23,Q308_R53,Is it Dog meat curry special receipe for filipino marriage Cerimonies?. A friend of mine lost his dog; when he searched for it other said it has gone to stomach of neighbor filipino.; so I began enquiring about it and an filipino engineer told me the dog meat is extra special meal for our wedding ceremonies.; Still i am doubting about? is there any true in it?,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5827,Q308_R27,Q308_R32,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Irrelevant
5828,Q308_R27,Q308_R40,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5829,Q308_R27,Q308_R41,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5830,Q308_R27,Q308_R48,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5831,Q308_R27,Q308_R53,Qatar and Stealing - Unbelievable!. There are strict punishments for stealing in this country or so I have been told. But then someone stole my brand new bicycle last night from under my stairs fully locked? Either I was unexplicably deeply asleep or the guy was extraordinarily gifted. Either ways I lost a good bicycle used only twice and I would be happy to get it back.,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5832,Q308_R32,Q308_R40,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Irrelevant
5833,Q308_R32,Q308_R41,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5834,Q308_R32,Q308_R48,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5835,Q308_R32,Q308_R53,indian wedding outfit( Lehnga)???. hi; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5836,Q308_R40,Q308_R41,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Irrelevant
5837,Q308_R40,Q308_R48,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5838,Q308_R40,Q308_R53,bread machine. Hi; Where can I find a good bread machine and for how much? Thanks;,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5839,Q308_R41,Q308_R48,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Irrelevant
5840,Q308_R41,Q308_R53,Villagio mall reopens when???. Does anyone know that when the villagio mall will reopen and will it be shifted to some other place???? If yes; then which area??? Any idea or does anyone know about it??,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5841,Q308_R48,Q308_R53,FENUGREEK SEED's (HELBA SEED)?. Does anyone knows a shop where I can purchase the so-called FENUGREEK SEEDS (HELBA); Please let me know. I need to buy this one... thanks in advance...,Qatar credit cards abroad problems. I was in Russia in may and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that my QNB cards didn't work at all; while my Brazilian cards; and Commercial Bank cards worked flawlessly. Of course when I complained to QNB they blamed the Russian side (why Commercial Bank cards worked then?) Did anyone else have had this sort of problems? If yes; what bank and what country?,Irrelevant
5842,Q311_R37,Q311_R49,Child dies in School bus in DPS. Today children returned late from School (DPS -MIS);the reason being a child was found dead in the school bus. From what I heard; the child dozed off in the bus during her morning trip. The driver did not notice and the child was left in the bus. They found her in the afternoon ;it should have been the heat in the bus that killed her. She was just 4 years old. Did anyone hear about this ?,Why is Arabic compulsory in British Schools?. I really want to know what is this Arabic fascination in almost all the British Curriculum schools in Doha? It is not compulsory in Indian schools. So what is the solution for non-arabics who want their children to get educated in British schools. i know there are a few British schools where Arabic is not compulsory but getting admission in them is really difficult. so what is the solution?,Irrelevant
5843,Q312_R51,Q312_R57,FAMILY VISA APPROVAL TAKE MORE DAYS?. DEAR ALL; PLEASE LET ME KNOW HOW MANY DAYS TAKING FOR APPROVE FAMILY VISA NW; AM LAST WEDNESDAY(12/09/2012) APPLY FAMILY VISA FOR MY HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER; BUT STILL NOW SHOWING IN MOI WEBSITE ITZ UNDER REVIEW; ITZ USUAL REPLY? WHY DELAYED LIKE THIS? PLEASE HELP ME REGARDS DIVYA,Tourist visa to australia. Hi How can I apply for tourist visa to Australia in Qatar?.... As I know there is no Australian embassy in Qatar;;;;; Any one can help me;;??;;;!,Irrelevant
5844,Q313_R4,Q313_R6,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Irrelevant
5845,Q313_R4,Q313_R9,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Irrelevant
5846,Q313_R4,Q313_R10,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Irrelevant
5847,Q313_R4,Q313_R30,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Irrelevant
5848,Q313_R4,Q313_R37,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
5849,Q313_R4,Q313_R41,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5850,Q313_R4,Q313_R43,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5851,Q313_R4,Q313_R48,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5852,Q313_R4,Q313_R50,It's Expensive..Ok; but is it good??. It’s famous that accommodation is expensive in Qatar; but is that reflecting good standards of finishing; decorations; facilities etc.??? Or there is no relation between being expensive and the quality??,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5853,Q313_R6,Q313_R9,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Irrelevant
5854,Q313_R6,Q313_R10,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Irrelevant
5855,Q313_R6,Q313_R30,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Irrelevant
5856,Q313_R6,Q313_R37,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
5857,Q313_R6,Q313_R41,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5858,Q313_R6,Q313_R43,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5859,Q313_R6,Q313_R48,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5860,Q313_R6,Q313_R50,is Doha expensive?. I haven't moved there yet and was wondering how it compares to most European cities... eating out; supermarket shopping; clothes; cosmetics; etc.,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5861,Q313_R9,Q313_R10,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Irrelevant
5862,Q313_R9,Q313_R30,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Irrelevant
5863,Q313_R9,Q313_R37,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
5864,Q313_R9,Q313_R41,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5865,Q313_R9,Q313_R43,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5866,Q313_R9,Q313_R48,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5867,Q313_R9,Q313_R50,Assha Lebanese restaurant - Expensive?. Hi Guys; Please; advise if this restaurant is expensive to dine in? We are 7 persons; how much u think it would cost me? thanks!,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5868,Q313_R10,Q313_R30,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Irrelevant
5869,Q313_R10,Q313_R37,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
5870,Q313_R10,Q313_R41,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5871,Q313_R10,Q313_R43,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5872,Q313_R10,Q313_R48,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5873,Q313_R10,Q313_R50,Sheets and bedding in Qatar. Do they have any really nice and soft sheets and bedding in Qatar. Or should I buy some from the uk? I'm thinking of the higher thread counts here!,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5874,Q313_R30,Q313_R37,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Irrelevant
5875,Q313_R30,Q313_R41,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5876,Q313_R30,Q313_R43,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5877,Q313_R30,Q313_R48,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5878,Q313_R30,Q313_R50,What is about Doha Academy - Is it good school or not. My son passed th entry exam in Doha Acadmey and they asked for the school fees; Is it recommended school?,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5879,Q313_R37,Q313_R41,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Irrelevant
5880,Q313_R37,Q313_R43,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5881,Q313_R37,Q313_R48,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5882,Q313_R37,Q313_R50,How expensive is Bahrain as compared to Qatar?. Can anyone please tell me how expensive (in terms of accommodation; food etc) Bahrain is if you compare it with Qatar? Is accommodation is easily available? One of my friend is moving to Qatar for better job... I am wondering if it will suit him or not? Thanks When you're through changing; you're through.,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5883,Q313_R41,Q313_R43,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Irrelevant
5884,Q313_R41,Q313_R48,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5885,Q313_R41,Q313_R50,i wil send an item to philippines from doha. i wil send an item to philippines from doha; is its a electronic (iPhone) how should i do it? is it via DHL; ARAMEX; or LBC? and how much will i spend? any recommendations; suggestions; answers; anre higly appreciated; Thanks!!,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5886,Q313_R43,Q313_R48,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Irrelevant
5887,Q313_R43,Q313_R50,Is Medical Insurance available in Qatar and is it very expensive?. I will be living in Qatar for a couple of years and I am concerned if we got sick we might not be able to afford the treatment without some sort of Health Insurance,Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5888,Q313_R48,Q313_R50,Why is milk so expensive in Qatar?. Why is milk so much more expensive in Qatar than anywhere else? PS This thread is dedicated to Lincoln Pirate ;-),Compass School. Why so expensive? Reason?. Why the tuition fee is so high? Is there a reason? Because they provide the best teachers in Doha? My kid was accepted there...I like their school facilities more than Newton(terrible!!!); for example. But I have know idea about teaching there. Is it good?,Irrelevant
5889,Q314_R4,Q314_R5,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,Irrelevant
5890,Q314_R4,Q314_R11,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,Irrelevant
5891,Q314_R4,Q314_R18,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Irrelevant
5892,Q314_R4,Q314_R21,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Irrelevant
5893,Q314_R4,Q314_R22,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Irrelevant
5894,Q314_R4,Q314_R25,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5895,Q314_R4,Q314_R28,Things to do in office besides QLing. Organise these office Olympics. Have a look. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKNy7B-cu0k,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5896,Q314_R5,Q314_R11,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,Irrelevant
5897,Q314_R5,Q314_R18,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Irrelevant
5898,Q314_R5,Q314_R21,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Irrelevant
5899,Q314_R5,Q314_R22,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Irrelevant
5900,Q314_R5,Q314_R25,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5901,Q314_R5,Q314_R28,Business of Being Busy. I have a tough job. It's that of being busy without having much business ;) I try different techniques like never walking across the office floor without a paper in hand. Walking fast looking at my watch. Never giving an appointment straight away and without saying "hmmm lemme look at my calendar please". What measures do you guys take? And what do you do apart from Qling to give an impression of being immensely busy?,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5902,Q314_R11,Q314_R18,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Irrelevant
5903,Q314_R11,Q314_R21,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Irrelevant
5904,Q314_R11,Q314_R22,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Irrelevant
5905,Q314_R11,Q314_R25,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5906,Q314_R11,Q314_R28,Dying of Work. Has someone actually died of work ever? I guess I'll be the first one. It's a overnight for me tonight. Just like last two 3 am nights. Have been working continously for three days now. I feel like passing out. There's a board meeting day after and work is only half finished. Is it bye bye Doha time ? I have never been so scared in my life. Give me some sympathy please. Excess QLing has done this to me. I wish I had known better and had not kept backlogs.,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5907,Q314_R18,Q314_R21,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Irrelevant
5908,Q314_R18,Q314_R22,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Irrelevant
5909,Q314_R18,Q314_R25,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5910,Q314_R18,Q314_R28,what are the common diseases in Qatar?????. I noticed that there's some common diseases with a lot of ppl here in Qatar; especially with expatriate. The diseases are: blood pressure diabetes and cholesterol Who got one or more of these diseases or at least noticed that??????,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5911,Q314_R21,Q314_R22,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Irrelevant
5912,Q314_R21,Q314_R25,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5913,Q314_R21,Q314_R28,Do you know any backbiters in your office?. Barking Dog Never Bites; but Silent one. Do you think its right? Do you have any experience in your work environment? Just share it. At least some of us can save our job.,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5914,Q314_R22,Q314_R25,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Irrelevant
5915,Q314_R22,Q314_R28,So who's NOT working tomorrow...??!!. You lucky lucky people!!! ;-) It's been a brilliant weekend & all my friends & buddies on here have made it so; thanks QL & thanks QLSG!!! You know who you are. Go safe! Torque 8-),Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5916,Q314_R25,Q314_R28,Qtel Mobile Broad Band. Dear All; I bought one USB Mobile modem ( Qtel E1820) from Qtel Villagio; they are saying we wil get 21 Mbbs speed on that. Still I am getting 1 mbbs download speed and upload speed is 6 to 8 kbbs. So many time I tried to contact this customer care; they do not solve this issue. Still Iam suffering with this issue…any body can help me out of this problem? What I need to ? pls help me regards Safrix,Is there anyone here married to a qatari?. I was working b4 in qatar. I left qatar last yr but wasn't able to get NOC from my company. my fiance is qatari but we're planning to get married outside qatar coz we don't have the approval yet in qatar gov't. Now; my problem is how am I goin to go back there with him? can he get me a family visa? Thanks in advance!,Irrelevant
5917,Q315_R21,Q315_R27,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,Irrelevant
5918,Q315_R21,Q315_R35,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Irrelevant
5919,Q315_R21,Q315_R36,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Irrelevant
5920,Q315_R21,Q315_R43,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Irrelevant
5921,Q315_R21,Q315_R45,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Irrelevant
5922,Q315_R21,Q315_R46,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5923,Q315_R21,Q315_R48,help me find this song. hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it's driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it... thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing... and they never say who it is on the radio.. it goes something like.. "only in my dreams you're mine... i meet you every night inside... and everytime i wake i cry... gotta make tonight the night.." can anyone help me out?? cheerios,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5924,Q315_R27,Q315_R35,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Irrelevant
5925,Q315_R27,Q315_R36,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Irrelevant
5926,Q315_R27,Q315_R43,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Irrelevant
5927,Q315_R27,Q315_R45,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Irrelevant
5928,Q315_R27,Q315_R46,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5929,Q315_R27,Q315_R48,What did you have for breakfast?. What did you have for breakfast? Me 2 cups of filtre coffee (note spelling plz r123 and scar);) toast baked beans scrambled eggs meat with crackly bits 2 pieces of black pudding lashings of ketchup lovely - that is a proper breakfast.,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5930,Q315_R35,Q315_R36,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Irrelevant
5931,Q315_R35,Q315_R43,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Irrelevant
5932,Q315_R35,Q315_R45,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Irrelevant
5933,Q315_R35,Q315_R46,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5934,Q315_R35,Q315_R48,19000 QAR offer. Hi Guys! I have 10 years of experience. I am from the third world country. I've got an offer from a big Oil and Gas Operator in Doha: basic - 19 000 QAR house allowance - 11 000 QAR Car allowance - 2100 QAR ADSL - 400 QAR Insurance only for me (total 32500 QAR) married with one small child. I did not like the offer and asked to revise basic salary from 19k to 25 000 QAR. What do you think?,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5935,Q315_R36,Q315_R43,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Irrelevant
5936,Q315_R36,Q315_R45,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Irrelevant
5937,Q315_R36,Q315_R46,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5938,Q315_R36,Q315_R48,colour blind acceptable by QP??. Hey; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP??,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5939,Q315_R43,Q315_R45,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Irrelevant
5940,Q315_R43,Q315_R46,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5941,Q315_R43,Q315_R48,Being a single guy in Qatar. I feel a little foolish asking this. I'm moving to Qatar in a month for a new job. I've never been to Qatar before. Recently a colleague who's worked in Qatar told me that single guys aren't allowed in to malls & other places on weekends.(unless they're accompanied by women or a family) Is this true? If true; do these restrictions extend to coffee shops; supermarkets; movies & other places. Also if true; why on earth is there such a rule?,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5942,Q315_R45,Q315_R46,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Irrelevant
5943,Q315_R45,Q315_R48,Moving from Canada to Doha. I'm looking for advice for our pending move from southwestern Ontario in Canada to Doha in mid-August. We will be moving in to a furnished apartment provided to us by the employer. - What's the best way to ship items? - What to expect in regards to the process of getting the visa? - What to bring? What to leave behind? - What to expect when we arrive? - Are there any types of items we should stock up on prior to moving and ship with us? Thanks for your help!,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5944,Q315_R46,Q315_R48,Working for Al Jazeera International. I'll be joining Al Jazeera International ; a dream I've had for some time now. I need to ask anyone; employees of Al Jazeera or anyone working in Qatar; what kind of accommodation is provided by Al Jazeera for singles. Im worried that pre-determined accommodation may be unsuitable or in an unsafe neighbourhood. Can anyone help me out on this? Id really appreciate it. Thanks,Driving License. Hi everyone... I am planning to move to qatar next month. Can anybody tell me what is the system for a newcomer on "Driving License"? Is it that one has to pass a rigorous driving test and then he is ussied a drving license for a fee even though he possesses a driving license of his home country? Rgds ASD,Irrelevant
5945,Q316_R17,Q316_R25,Who is the Best Hijacker here in QL?. Please Comment :),28Jan*Picture of The Day "First on the Moon?". . . Two drifters; off to see the world There's such a lot of world to see We're after the same rainbow's end; waitin' 'round the bend My huckleberry friend; moon river; and me . (Andy Williams/Moon River ),Irrelevant
5946,Q316_R17,Q316_R34,Who is the Best Hijacker here in QL?. Please Comment :),MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
5947,Q316_R25,Q316_R34,28Jan*Picture of The Day "First on the Moon?". . . Two drifters; off to see the world There's such a lot of world to see We're after the same rainbow's end; waitin' 'round the bend My huckleberry friend; moon river; and me . (Andy Williams/Moon River ),MOST HUNKIEST/SEXIEST MEN IN THE WORLD..... Which part of the world has most HUNKIEST AND SEXIEST MEN ?. As per data FILIPINOS had the most..DID YOU AGREE?,Irrelevant
5948,Q317_R9,Q317_R16,hi friends; who is the best mineral water supplier; delivering at house. who is best in the market when it comes to supplying 5 gallon water at house. i was told sabeel water is doing good and their service is also better than others; what do you all say? i need to set up one service for my house. pls suggest,please advise me what water is best for baby's bottles; he is only 5 weeks old and came from UK? thanks. My 5 week old grandson came over from UK two days ago and he was great firstly taking his bottles; 5 oz in total; but now he is only taking 3 ozs and is screaming for more; but will not take the rest of his bottle. He is not having problems with colic. I would like to know what is the most popular brand of water being used by parents in Qatar for baby's bottles. Thank you.,Irrelevant
5949,Q317_R9,Q317_R19,hi friends; who is the best mineral water supplier; delivering at house. who is best in the market when it comes to supplying 5 gallon water at house. i was told sabeel water is doing good and their service is also better than others; what do you all say? i need to set up one service for my house. pls suggest,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
5950,Q317_R9,Q317_R23,hi friends; who is the best mineral water supplier; delivering at house. who is best in the market when it comes to supplying 5 gallon water at house. i was told sabeel water is doing good and their service is also better than others; what do you all say? i need to set up one service for my house. pls suggest,is tap water drinkable after boiling?. I experienced 2 times that the water after boiling has a certain smell like disinfector. Do they control the quantity of chemicals in water treatment? Is it ok to drink the tap water after boiling?,Irrelevant
5951,Q317_R16,Q317_R19,please advise me what water is best for baby's bottles; he is only 5 weeks old and came from UK? thanks. My 5 week old grandson came over from UK two days ago and he was great firstly taking his bottles; 5 oz in total; but now he is only taking 3 ozs and is screaming for more; but will not take the rest of his bottle. He is not having problems with colic. I would like to know what is the most popular brand of water being used by parents in Qatar for baby's bottles. Thank you.,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,Irrelevant
5952,Q317_R16,Q317_R23,please advise me what water is best for baby's bottles; he is only 5 weeks old and came from UK? thanks. My 5 week old grandson came over from UK two days ago and he was great firstly taking his bottles; 5 oz in total; but now he is only taking 3 ozs and is screaming for more; but will not take the rest of his bottle. He is not having problems with colic. I would like to know what is the most popular brand of water being used by parents in Qatar for baby's bottles. Thank you.,is tap water drinkable after boiling?. I experienced 2 times that the water after boiling has a certain smell like disinfector. Do they control the quantity of chemicals in water treatment? Is it ok to drink the tap water after boiling?,Irrelevant
5953,Q317_R19,Q317_R23,Salary for American Muslim Attorney in Qatar?. Hello; all! What is a good monthly salary range and benefit package for Attorneys (Legal Counsels) in Doha; Qatar; particularly working for Qatar Petroleum or Qatar Foundation? I am a Caucasian; American Muslim Convert Attorney from California. Thank you. I appreciate your response.,is tap water drinkable after boiling?. I experienced 2 times that the water after boiling has a certain smell like disinfector. Do they control the quantity of chemicals in water treatment? Is it ok to drink the tap water after boiling?,Irrelevant
